
guys, i'm about to take a giant ship. thank you so much! thank you. thank you so much… for being here. so… first up on the agenda is… i got engaged. thank you. i appreciate that enthusiasm. i appreciate the applause because i live in los angeles and when you tell people in l.a. that you got engaged, they don't applaud. you tell people in l.a. you got engaged, they're, like, "good for you. good for…" so you tell people you got engaged, next obligatory thing out of their mouth is, like, "how did you guys meet? how did you meet?" i don't like to tell people how we met. i don't like to tell people how we met. it's not bad. it's not embarrassing. it's just not cool. like, we met on a dating app. right, like all of you. yeah. we met on a dating app, which is… less of a product of my lack of creativity and more a result of my generation. i'm a millennial. that's how we meet each other, okay? yeah. a dating app, at a bar, or it's, like, "i got her pregnant. well, skylar will make a good mom." that's it. some of you were so quiet when i said i was a millennial. fuck you, okay? i am… 35. which means i was born in 1983, which means i am… right at the cutoff. okay, so i am a millennial, but i am an elder! elder millennial! wizened. sage. yes, gather 'round the snapchat, children. i'll tell you the tale… of the landline. hello, goodbye. when i was a young girl… i once sent a text message from a sidekick. i remember when skechers were invented. they were ugly then. and they're ugly now. in high school… we danced to a band called sugar ray.

how did you guys meet? you ask a girl, "how did you guys meet?" we want to tell you. we want to tell you… everything. we want to give you personal information, background story, ancillary information, anything information. just say, "how did you meet?" are you sitting down? chapter one. in seventh grade, i showed an aptitude for the clarinet. we take it… back! we want you to know so much.
you ask a guy, "how did you guys meet?" men don't volunteer personal information as readily. seldom will you meet a guy where you're, like, "how did you guys meet?" and he's, like, "so, i'm a pisces, so i love faces." a man's objective is often to let you know not so much how they met, but to let you know that, like, "i could still fuck if i wanted to. 'cause i'm a fuck man. that's how i do. i'm not gonna fuck you, cause i'm fucking her, but… i come from a long line of fuck men, all right? my daddy was a fuck man, my granddaddy was a fuck man. i fuck. i pack up this dick, on to the next town. yeah. fire in the hole. fuck man terry, that's what they call me." down at the walgreens, whatever.

how did you guys meet? i say this next part as a woman that champions other women, as a woman who chose to be single for a very long time. i always feel, when single women ask me, "so, how did you guys meet?" it's less about a genuine personal inquiry for me, and it's more like they're looking for clues, like, "where did you find a suitor? tell us your ways." like, you walk in… to a trader joe's on a sunday night. that's when hot girls go grocery shopping. like, i'm buying flowers for me, right? you walk into a trader joe's with a ring on your left hand, single women can feel the vibrations of the ring. like, "the ring! it mocks us!" and they… they come out of the frozen yogurt aisle… lululemon, highlighted hair, like, "tell us your ways, we wish to be betrothed as well. secrets. tell us. be a girl's girl." there's no secret, just so we're clear. don't buy the books. don't buy the hype. don't listen… there's no secret, okay?

i'm going to be 35 when i get married. and if there was a secret, i would have fucking used it. there's no… secret. there's no special magic to it. i'm never going to be, like, "gather round, ladies. off the 405 lies a toadhole… you must go to it." no secret. plus, chances are, if you are single and you are not enjoying that time in your life, you're probably doing everything in your power to not be single. i don't know a single girl out there that's, like, "i hate being single. i don't get it. i wash with ham and cat hair. where is he? where is he?"

women have no problem letting people know that they are looking for a relationship. we shout it from the mountaintops. we take a seminar. we take a class, we ask around. are you single do you have a sister? i will take anything at this point. we let people know… we get license plates made like "lookin4u." like, we let you know. i feel like men are more laissez-faire when it comes to relationships. i guess i fell into her, now we got four kids. it's kind of… it's less deliberate. women are, like, "this way." "i guess i'll just go that way." it just becomes. their stories are less deliberate. i've asked a lot of guys, "how did you meet your girl?" i've noticed that about 80% of the stories sound very similar. 80% of the time it's, like, "how did we meet? all right, well… i was out with my buddies. and you know me, i wasn't looking for anybody. and then i saw her." and that lie becomes… a big part of our narrative as women, this hope that we will go out and a man is going to see us, save us, rescue us. it's this hope that we're going to be seen and that's going to happen for us. and we all have this sort of shared fantasy where you walk into a… a club or a bar with five of your girlfriends who look exactly like you. and you walk in and a man picks you out of the crowd, sees you for the beautiful soul that you are, like, decides… like, there's some dj up there and he looks out and he's, like… "her." and you're, like, "me?" and then your life begins, right?

this is not our fault for expecting this or thinking this will happen. we have been taught this message since we were little girls. princesses get saved. snow white got saved by the prince. it was really the seven dwarves and she was, like, lost in a forest. but, like… seven men. who is she? right. sleeping beauty was saved when the prince kissed her while she was sleeping. terrible moral. what do we take away from that? generations of men, like, "no, you kiss 'em when they're sleeping, they're forever grateful. officer." so naturally we go out hoping to be discovered. there's this weird thing where a lot of girls, when we're single, we don't want to admit that we're going out hoping a man notices us. of course you are, but we don't want to seem desperate. i'm just going out with my girlfriends, in full makeup, with padded everything. this is just for fun. i'm just going out. it's normal to want to be noticed by someone that you find attractive. that's the caveat, okay? it's normal… to want attention. even in a relationship, you still have a beating heart. you still want people to let you know you're attractive. if you're with your guy, you're holding his hand and you're walking, and you see some hot guy, like, "you like that?" he's like, "i like that." okay. no harm, no foul.

we all try this bullshit, like, "i'm not even trying." really? then put a feed bag over your head. carry an onion. you're trying, okay? you don't have to try that hard, but you're going out. it's nice to be noticed. so we all do it. put on the makeup. force our chub into some pants. you shove your coyote paws into some heels and we go out. you don't even hunt. what do you do, girls? you just stand in a pack of six other women. six other coyotes. getting annoyed that no guy's hitting on you? yeah, there's six of you. he's terrified. we get annoyed so quickly when a guy doesn't notice all the effort. so what do you say? like, "this sucks, let's take a lap." so you just move… in a perfume cloud around the perimeter of the bar. maybe they're more progressive ten feet from here.

so this begs the question, as women, as feminists… maybe some… one or two lazy guys might pause at the question. "how come the guy's got to hit on the girl? you're an independent woman. why can't a girl hit on a guy? why can't the girl hit on the guy?" god's honest answer? 'cause we did all this. you fucking do something, scott. that's the answer. it's a lot. okay. a lot. i haven't had bread in five months. it's a lot, okay?

a big part of the reason women don't hit on men is that women aren't seen as equal to men. therefore, when we step out of a traditional feminine role, and do something alpha and hit on a guy and he rejects us, it hurts that much more. and on a biological level, you know, at your core, he's not rejecting you based on your shoes or your outfit. he's rejecting… your eggs. you get up nerve to talk to a guy, like, "excuse me, would you like my eggs?" "i don't want those fucking eggs." please! i only have but a few.

women aren't seen as equal to men, so it's uncomfortable to hit on men. there's a lot more at risk for us. maybe one day… in a utopia where men and women are considered equal, maybe one day we can hit on men unencumbered by self-esteem issues. but as it stands now, that's not something we can do. our grandmothers didn't hit on men. our mothers didn't hit on men. maybe one day. maybe my generation changes it. it's too late. but… maybe my generation, with the hashtags and the tweets, maybe we'll change it so that our great-granddaughters can hit on men. yes, that's the dream, that we do the work now so that our great-granddaughters will know the thrill of hitting on a half-in-the-bag guido outside a taco truck at 2 a.m. 'tis but a dream.

another big part of the reason that women don't hit on men is that men are better at dealing with rejection. sexually. women are not used to dealing… with rejection… when it comes to sex. we're used to dealing with rejection when it comes to… governing our own bodies, having our own thoughts, getting paid the same as a man, but… when it comes… when it comes to sexual rejection, men deal with it more than women because they have more at bats. they hit on women more. ask the guy next to you, "when was the last time you were sexually rejected?" he'll be, like, "you mean in the uber on the way here like, behind that plane while you were in the bathroom? be specific." 'cause every guy knows… it's about the at bats. it's about how many times can you hit on a girl. 'cause you know eventually one's going to say yes. when men first start going out, it's about quantity over quality, like, "hey, sweetheart! you're ugly anyway. how about you?" you keep going through it. every guy knows you got to kiss a lot of frogs if you're gonna what, guys? fuck a frog, that's right. so… 'cause he knows. they're not going to admit it to you, every guy knows if he hits on, like, 20 women in a night, one's gotta say yes. like, one gross-out's gotta be, like… "yeah, all right." 2 a.m. it's his hail mary, at the buzzer pass, the lights are coming on, he's like, "how about you?" some girl will turn around and be, like, "okay. can we wash my hump before we make love? just kidding. it's an egg.

so… by that same token, men aren't allowed to have feelings in our society, which isn't fair. you're expected to move past it, work through it. get over it. women don't get over… anything. no, we don't get over it. instead, we hold onto it. we hold onto that rejection. we hold onto it. we pluck it out of space-time and we examine it from hindsight. we put it in different scenarios. we bring in experts, like, "stacy, get over here! remember that guy, took me to coachella, never called again? shall we drive to his house?" and sometimes… we hold onto the pain of our rejection so tight… that they become part… of the makeup of our personalities. and then we get to use the pain of that past rejection, ladies, as an excuse for why we are the weird brand of fucked-up that we are, now! 'cause he broke up with me over breakfast, so now i don't drink milk, and i'm annoying. like, it's always… something. every girl in here remembers almost every time she was rejected. because, for women, it doesn't happen as much as for men. and every human remembers the first time they were rejected. i'll go first. fourth grade. so… we were going to sit down for circle time. i went and sat by a boy that i thought was cute. and he told me to go away. now, he's dead. now i don't sit in circles any more.

but we cherish our rejections. they give us texture, personality. we take each one and we label it. we label each issue, each past grievance, in its own mason jar. it's very rustic. pin it. and we put it… into our sack of emotional baggage. each one. he broke up with me because i slept with his brother. they're twins. they should have worn different color hats or something. i was set up. and we put it… into our baggage, and we throw that baggage over our shoulder and what do we do, girls? we then walk it into the new relationship. yes. and the best part is, the new boyfriend… has no idea… what you're hauling. and he welcomes you. yes, he welcomes you to the new union. come on in. you seem pretty cool and well-adjusted. and you're, like, "oh, i am! yes, this seems like a safe place for me to… unpack my shit!"

another big reason women don't hit on men is because men… typically don't find strong women attractive. they don't. your date's going to look at you, like, "no way, babe. i love a strong woman." bullshit, chad, okay? they love vulnerability. it's very attractive when a woman is vulnerable. why is that? men are very physical creatures. women are very verbal. men are very physical. when a woman is vulnerable, hypothetically, it would mean… that she needs physical help. when a man feels he can be of help, physically, then he feels needed, and that makes him feel good and attractive. when a man feels he can insert himself. no pun intended. fuck it. we're making a comedy show. pun intended, okay? you got to give him something to do. we, as women, a lot of times fault men for not communicating the way we do. women speak more words on average than men. it's not that one's better or dumber than the other, it's the way we are. we talk at you. "i wanna be communicative about being communicative. you're not saying anything. why? you're being uncommunicative. and i want to talk about how much i hate stacy. when you meet her, you're gonna." we have to have… he's just sitting there, like, "mongo, no." like, it's scary. if you have any doubt a guy likes you, don't always look for the words, look for the actions. they will show you. i wish someone had told this to me when i was in my 20s. when you're younger, you're, like, "he's not texting back. he's busy. he's at work. his family died." there's no bullshit like that. when a guy likes you, he shows up. if you have any doubt the guy likes you, give him something to do. if a guy likes you, he'll do anything. will you carry this glittery brick of cat shit? he's, like, "no problem." when a guy likes you, carrying your purse isn't an issue. they'll carry your bags if they're heavy. they'll put gas in the car if you don't want to deal. they'll check under the hood for the… thing, i don't know. but they'll do that.

it's very attractive when a woman is vulnerable and needs help. and that's historically always been that way. i didn't make that up. that's why the term is… "damsel in distress". not "overly opinionated dyke who needs a fucking hand, man!" that's why. if a woman can do it herself, it's not as attractive. put it this way. if we're all animals, okay? and men are… lions. and women are, like, gazelles. what's a lion, if he's hungry, more likely to go after? the gazelle, running at 90, unencumbered by a self-esteem issue? like, i own my home and have a ph.d. i enjoy witty banter, i just put a down payment on a boat, and i don't hate my daddy. onward! or… remember he's hungry. or… the gazelle with the broken hoof, like, "help, how does basketball work?" like, what? an easier meal. side note. i am aware that it's the lioness not the lion that does the hunting. let's pretend that lion was a bachelor and hadn't met his wife yet. okay, so… we got the zoologist questions out of the way.

so… i will stand up here, and perhaps women in your life you consider strong will stand before you and tell you, "be strong, do it your way, be tough." it's one thing to say that, and for a lot of women it's very difficult to live that when everything that we're taught tells us the opposite. every movie we've seen since we were little girls has an opposite message. in movies, it's not the strong girl, the funny girl, the brave girl, the smart girl, the loud girl, the opinionated girl who gets the hot guy. no, girls like me get, like, fucking steve zahn and jonah hill. like, that's what… she is funny, he looks funny, then they'll fuck funny and appreciate each other. and it's always… it's always the quiet girl. right, the new girl that gets, like, channing tatum. it's always the girl that doesn't realize how beautiful she is. the girl that isn't funny, isn't opinionated. the subtext of that message is, "that's right. that's right, girls. men don't like a lippy woman, so zip it, honey." it's always the girl that doesn't know she's hot. which, by the way, that hollywood archetype? bullshit. okay? it's bullshit. because you fucking know when you're hot. no one's walking around, like, "what do i do with these giant tits and thin legs?" how did i get on this victoria's secret catwalk? i'm choking on my silky hair." like, you know. we keep seeing the same story over and over. it's about the girl that's unsure of herself, and a guy sees through it, and she realizes how beautiful she is when she takes off her glasses… it's the same thing. always the girl, like, "i don't know if i should go out." the girls that are outgoing that maybe enjoy their bodies, are confident, like, "let's go out!" "i don't know. i should stay home. i've never left the house before." we're taking you out. let's go drink, let's go dance– i should stay in. stay in and study. we're 35. what are you fucking talking about? let's go! walk into the nightclub, all the girls that are confident are dancing, they're having fun. like, "hey, channing tatum!" he's, like, "later, hookers. i want her!" all the girls– "uh-uh. her." cut to our hero, she's just sitting there in a corner, just… maybe she wore, like, board shorts to the club. she has no idea. she's reading a book. maybe she has brown hair. whatever. before you get all offended at that, look at all of our eyebrows. we all have brown hair, okay. maybe not you, i don't know. i don't see any pure norwegians here, okay?

this joke isn't about shaming that type of woman. this joke is not about that. whatever kind of woman you are, quiet, fat, small, big or tall, loud, you don't know much, you got a gill, whatever kind of woman you are… you are right. that's it. whatever you've chosen to be… whatever you want to be… you are correct in being that as long as you're happy. my point to you, is if you are the shy type, if you are the wallflower, if you are the shrinking violet, if you are another… floral metaphor that has to do… with being an introvert, my point to you is that you don't want the guy who wants you because of that energy. a man who wants a woman because she looks scared… is a sexual predator. okay? all these girls that he could hit on, he picks the one that's shivering like a wet chihuahua. like a nervous street urchin just in a corner putting out all kinds of "no" vibes. you don't want the guy that walks up, like, "excuse me. i couldn't help but notice you look terrified. wanna see my dick?"

so… "i was out with my buddies. i wasn't looking for anyone. and i saw her." the idea… that in a nightlife setting… that the man would ever see the woman… before the woman saw the man. no. women are astute, but moreover, women are the ones with the biological clocks. women are the ones with the socially predetermined shelf life. women are the ones who are cantilevered off the edge of high heels. we've got five hours before we take them off and walk through a lobby flat-foot, okay. women are the ones whose skin and foundation is dehydrating with every alcoholic beverage imbibed. we are the ones on a time crunch, on a schedule, okay? you saw me first? bullshit, motherfucker. i clocked you! like, the second you walked in. dudes walk in in a pack, unaware, like, "i'd better fill out this bracket, or i'll turn into a pumpkin at midnight." you're not even… you walked in, i was already hunting with five other women. he walked in and i was, like, "hold!" and then we stalked around you. encircled you, sussed you out, like a german shepherd sniffing out an ied in the sand, motherfucker. like, we…

a lot of times, men pride themselves on being very observant, right? ever date a guy that, you go to a restaurant, can't sit with his back to the door? "i gotta sit with my back to the wall so i can assess all entrance and exit points. i gotta make sure that–" okay, while you're checking out the people eating at denny's, i checked your fucking credit score, okay? while you were doing counter-surveillance, i looked you up and down, i gave you a pre-cancer mole check. it's benign, move on. i looked at everything. "i'm an alpha. i gotta look at the door." if you ever date a man that says he's an alpha… he's a beta. so… a lion doesn't tell you he's a lion. he just lets the girl hunt for him.

okay, so… so, we look at everything. you think men judge women harshly? they do. but, gentlemen, you have no idea what we're looking at. we're judging your hair, your shoes, we scan you, like predator. every atom, every molecule of your dna, we go through it like… "scanning for physical abnormalities. is he balding is that a goatee is his shirt unbuttoned too low for his ethnicity? is he wearing embroidered jeans? if so, is he a european male or just someone from arizona?" like, we go through it. we go through it. we aren't looking to see if you're the hottest guy ever. nay. we are merely assessing if you're 50% attractive enough that we want to put the effort into putting ourselves in your orbit. so that, in an hour, after a drink or two, you, gentlemen, have the luxury of turning around and being, like, "oh, excuse me, i couldn't help but notice." then we turn around, like… really? that's it. just set it up for you to knock it down.

a lot of times it's not that easy. we see a guy we think is cute… and he doesn't notice us, so we have to make you… notice us. a lot of times, we get our girlfriend to help us. every girl's done this. there's a boy over there you think is cute, you're, like, "come here. do you see that guy, over there? over there. over there. do you see him are you looking? don't look! do you see him is he looking he's looking? start dancing. come here, keep talking. say something funny so i don't look like a loser." you're trying to put out… this vibe that you're so carefree. 'cause you, and don't lie about this, you want him to look over and be, like, "there will never be another, there has never been another. she is the one." you want him to be so taken. "she looks like she doesn't need a man, so carefree." i'm so carefree, i don't use condoms! so effortless. if he was close, he wouldn't be hearing it. from afar, you want him to hear… sports. if he were close, what he'd actually hear is your– like, you're trying so hard. please! he's going to find you, he'll see you at some point. there's only so many places in a bar, a club, that your eyes can fall. he's going to see you. this is the important part girls, okay? you're out there, it's a competitive situation. there's a lot of girls, there's a lot of bars. he's gonna look at you, that's your chance, okay? that's your chance. you've only got one shot. it's like 8 mile, but with flirting. hopefully there's no vomit on your shirt. maybe it's a good thing. he'd be, like, "she parties!" i don't know. he's going to look over, the lights are going to reflect and refract, and they'll hit you both and he's gonna see you, and that's your chance, ladies, to fucking stick it, and pose, like a peacock in heat that you are. just… don't dance like that.

little bit of insight to stand-up comedy, and the risk and reward with choosing certain jokes. that joke is a risk because i realize not every one here knows… what a peacock sounds like. but for, like, the 12 of you that knew, it was so worth it for me. and for the rest of you, the good news is you don't ever have to hear a peacock, 'cause that was, like, top ten peacock impressions you're going to hear… tonight. i hate it. i hate the noise. i'm allowed to make fun of peacocks, 'cause i grew up with them. what i find so unsettling, if i might divert from the stand-up to a ted talk about ornithology for two seconds, the… it's the dip in the mating call that gives me… it's just not… we, as avian enthusiasts, which is why you've come to my comedy show… enjoy consistency in a mating call. like, a crow or a raven is like… it just goes. right? and a dove and its low-rent cousin, the pigeon, that's just… right? the dove and the bird it loans money to, just… right? and we all know a warbler goes like… "i'm a warbler." i don't know. and then… and the bald eagle is, like, "fucking freedom!" okay, so… we know. to me, the peacock sounds like a tired hooker. like he's just standing on the corner, like, "you want a fuck or what? i already paid for the room." another side note, i realize the peacock is the male. they're the ones with the plumage. the female peacock is a peahen. their colors are muted. so really it's a feminist joke 'cause it's about a male prostitute.

mmm, okay, so… so you peacock and he sees you, and he walks up. "i couldn't help but notice…" and you start talking, maybe you have some drinks, maybe you dance, maybe you exchange numbers, maybe you start to date. now, i happen to think the very beginning of a new relationship is the most exciting part of the relationship. granted, i'm not married yet, so, technically, i've only had beginnings of relationships. i don't know. i can't say empirically how fun being married is. i'll tell you on the next comedy special what that's all about. but i don't know. the beginning of a relationship is exciting because it's brand new. you're both on your best behavior, it's still electric, you're not totally sure about the history of mental illness in each family. it's fun. and the most nerve-wracking part of a new relationship when you're younger, is the first time a boy comes over to your apartment. 'cause it's ostensibly like your girlfriend audition time. you want him to come in and be, like, "it's so homey. i'd like to stay forever." yes, come closer. like, that's what you want. you try so hard in your 20s, right? because you're young, and it's fun. that's your 20s. in your 30s… in your 30s, homeboy knocks on the door, you open it, you're in combat boots, nothing else, and a garbage can on fire, you're, like, "welcome to fuckdome, scott." ticket? okay, so… but it's interesting, in your 20s, it's a weird mental game. boy's coming over for the first time, you're trying to reconcile the beautiful home that your mother kept that you lived in growing up, with the beautiful home that, like, pinterest says you're supposed to have. and the fact that you have no fucking money, so… should i buy a rug or eat dinner? i don't know. it's so hard.

boy's coming over, you are cleaning like you've never cleaned before, and it's hard because women secretly are… filthy. no one wants to laugh about it. "not me!" and no guy wants to imagine, like, "no way, my girlfriend's so hot." yeah check the center console of her car. she's owned that car for a decade. every year, the shit just piles up. you open it, like, "i didn't know an acura came with a time capsule!" you shut it. you open it again. you just hear, "help!" there's something in there. it's our little filthy secret stockpile, right? it's a now that's what i call music cd. "in case they come back!" yeah. it's one of those cables that plugs from the tape player into the cd player. it's spilled nail polish, it's a little bit of weed dust. it's a… calgon body spray, 'cause you'd rather smell like a stripper than weed. it's that… it's a lip smacker, dr pepper flavor, that's just… lying there with a gash in the wax neck, like, "tell my children i died well." like it's… it's an iphone 4 charger. it's some mcdonald's napkins. it's a french fry. times that center console by a million… in her apartment. you are just cleaning with swiffer and brawny. it's like a winter wonderland of paper towels. you're just shoving shit under the rugs. you didn't build a shelf, i dunno how that fucking works. you're just moving everything, you take everything– you put your coats in the oven. burn 'em! i live in l.a. take everything. put your cat in a hamper for now, marbles. we don't know how he feels about cats. taking everything, you're cleaning. you're discovering new rooms in your apartment. how come the water heater gets its own closet? fuck it! you beg your gross-out roommate, "please, just stay in your room. you're so fucking disgusting." she's there, on a throne of wendy's wrappers, like, "okay! you text me dick pics." hello. shut the door. cleaning. lighting glade candles like it's a fucking catholic mass. smells like ham in here! you're just trying to make it nice. he opens the door. you're, like, "hi!" he walks in. he's, like, "oh, place is cool." you're, like, "fuck you."

and there's an art, by the way, to the outfit you wear the first time a boy comes over to your place at night. you don't want to wear… what you wore during the day. don't want work clothes. you don't want to wear your daytime clothes, 'cause… 'cause it's nighttime. what if that was the end of my show? i hit my head. you don't want to wear your civilian clothes, okay. 'cause you had a whole day. maybe you sweat in them, they're gross. however, at the other end of the sartorial spectrum, you don't want to go, like, super hardcore sexy the first time a guy's coming over. just relax. you don't want to wear nipple tassels. now… some women are, like, "wait a minute." i am the woman that has stood here before and will stand here before you again and let you know you can wear whatever you want. it doesn't give a man the right to put his hands on you. no always means no. that's like a boiler-plated given. no means no. kindergarteners get it. i don't know why we forget that as adult males, but… no means no. this is less about that, and more about just being mentally kind to the other person. you show up in that, he'll be, like, "oh, my god!" the blood's gonna go from here to his dick, he's gonna impale himself, he's gonna sue you, and you ain't got no money. so… just be kind, because, mentally, it's like, "maybe she wants me. i don't know. oh, my god." it's frustrating. you know, girls, it'd be like if you have the worst day, you came home to your boyfriend, like… "i had the worst day. i got fired, and… i cried in front of everyone and… i ate that french fry from my car. it was just such a hard day." your boyfriend's like, "aw, babe. you want to talk about it?" you're, like, "yeah." he's, like, "just kidding. psych." that's what it would be like.

so the question is, if i can't wear work clothes, i can't wear nipple tassels, what's a girl to do? there's an entire, sort of intermediary, post-dinner, pre-bedtime apparel world. there's a whole category of clothing that you, as women, have mastered without even realizing it. the category is called athleisure wear. this is an entire clothing category. it's a multi-billion-dollar clothing category predicated on the idea that, as a woman, sometimes you don't have time to change when you're going from the boardroom to pilates. there's no fucking way. you gotta be ready. sometimes you're going right from spin to open-heart surgery, and you've got to look good. that's– spin to open-heart surgery what are you fucking talking about? so what is athleisure wear? it's athletic apparel you wouldn't really work out in. right? so it's… yoga pants with, like, a racing stripe. you just… race to your snacks. sometimes it's like a complicated tank top. it's, like, not quite supportive. they're, like, "it's backless." what do you do? "you don't wear a bra." i'm sorry, what the fuck did you just say? i don't wear a bra? so if the athletic part comes into play, and i have to run, it's gonna be… no! my whole life… they've been pitching to me, "it's a tank top, there's a shelf built in." it's a… go fuck your shelf, okay? i want a bra. i want a bra! we do that. sometimes we'll do, like, a push-up bra under the tank. show the strap off. it's got to be a cute strap. not beige. no one goes, "ooh, beige." like magenta. 'cause that's not as sexy as red. magenta's like, "maybe we'll fuck." red's like, "we're gonna fuck!" push-up bra. that's what we do for you, gentlemen. you have no idea… of the sacrifices. not a woman here wears a push-up bra when she's at home with the flu. no one walking around, like, "i just like it when my nipples are near my tongue." it's just safer that way. he gets to be comfortable. you're all bundled up, sitting there in a push-up bra on your couch, drinking with this dude you're having a date with. he's got his shoes off, shirt off. you're suffocating under your own tits, watching house hunters. crown molding.

you're all dressed up, have a nice night. maybe sleep together, maybe you don't. that's not what i'm interested in. what i want to talk about is the next morning, when he goes to leave. what i've always found so endearing about men… i find many things endearing about you. but… you think… we stay… that put-together… once you're gone. you have no idea. they have no idea… what lies beneath. you have no idea… that under the hair, and the make-up, and the lashes, and the shelf, and the bras… for every woman, lies the beating heart of a hungry… exhausted… annoyed… she-dragon! and she is waiting to come out. she comes out every couple hours. like opinions, sweat, urine. hopefully you pee more than every couple hours, still. she's got to. you gotta let her out, and she's waiting. and homeboy is taking forever to leave, he's, like, "all right, i guess i'll give you a call later." your dragon's, like, "get out! get out. i got to take a shit. get out! get rid of him. i gotta go in that bathroom i share with another grown woman and take a jurassic thunderdump, mostly in the bowl, then send him a picture like i'm doing something hot." hey. "get out!"

i feel like the boys here don't believe me. that breaks my heart. i want you to trust me, okay? you don't believe me that there's a dragon inside every woman. i will prove it to you. are you ready? there's no zipper, okay. i'll let you prove it to yourselves. tomorrow, when you leave your girl, okay, and you're saying goodbye at the door… here's what you want to do. look deep in her eyes. this is great, because, she'll be, like, "oh, my god, he's mesmerized by me. this is amazing. i'm doing amazing." great, let her think that. it buys you time, gentlemen. because what you're looking for in her eyes is like a nictitating membrane, okay. for those who don't know, it's the lid under the lid that keeps the sand out. you need more planet earth from netflix in your lives, okay. that's what you're looking for. if you want to see… the dragon come out on its own, just prolong your goodbye, 'cause that dragon's coming out. nothing you can do about it. just take a little longer. all right, well, i have your number, right? lemme make sure. okay, great, you have my number. bye! you're just flying round your own studio apartment. you can't go outside. you will get shot down. like, this isn't fucking king's landing. like, you can't… you're just doing it for the cardio. tiny pulses, ladies. we're toning, we're firming. you fly into your kitchen. you land on your counter. you're hungry, right? so you take out a talon. you skewer an entire sleeve of oreos. you toast it.

your dragon body and your farts aren't the only thing you've been holding in all night. you've also been holding in… your intentions. we have this really nasty habit in our society of labeling women very cruel and unfair things when they express their desire for very normal things. monogamy, exclusivity, a relationship, a family, babies. right? we like to call them desperate, sad, psychos, baby crazy. "we've been married for six years. she already wants a kid! i'm a fuck man! they can't get me." it's very normal to want these things. and we like to chastise women for this. and so, as women, sometimes we don't speak our truth. you go on a first date, and a guy says, "do you want to have kids?" and you say no. or i don't know. when you do know. because you don't want to what? scare them off. by the way… if you're the kind of woman that doesn't want kids, you're still a woman. this joke's not about you. wait your turn, okay. another "by the way." gentlemen… you ask a girl if she wants to have kids, and she says yes… it doesn't necessarily mean with you. and it's interesting… because your views about relationships or marriage or children do change the older you get. some girls are in the crowd, in your 20s, you're, like, "whatever, elder millennial. i don't care. i'm 20. i'm going to be a gypsy and make jewelry out of cat noses. yeah. i don't care." i get it. that's totally fair. i was like that at one point. society tells you over and over, they say, "how old are you?" "i'm 23." "oh, my god, you have so much time." and you do. but not much. so… it's not about deciding now, it's about not writing it off totally. because i never thought about it, god's honest truth. i wasn't anti or for. i figured you get a boyfriend, life goes on. when i was in my 20s, i loved– still do– stand-up, traveling, working. and i figured, when you turn 30, the government issues you a house, an okay-looking husband, a baby, a plant, you're done! i never thought about it. and it's interesting, because my reaction to children, and i don't know how many kids i want. i don't want like a duggar situation, but maybe one. one cool baby. i don't know. i'd be in the airport in my 20s and i'd hear a baby cry. all the women would be, like, "oh, my god, it's a child." i'd be, "oh, my god, don't sit by me. like, that's all. get it away." it's interesting, 'cause i never thought about it. it changes slightly, the chemistry, the way you think about it.

i was in the airport the other day. there was a baby there. and the baby made a big mistake. 'cause that baby… let a chubby baby leg… hang from his blankie. i had to squeeze it. i was, like, "what is this feel–" i found myself moving toward the mother. and i knew… intrinsically, i knew… she would let me squeeze his leg. because women don't fear other women. when it comes to children, not like the corporate ladder or dating, but… she knows i'm not creepy and i mean that baby no harm. that's something we can trade on as women. women aren't scary. late at night, if a woman's walking toward you, you don't cross to the other side. i mean, you do if she's, like, "purple hippo!" when you're in an elevator and a woman gets on, you don't clutch your purse and back up a little. women aren't scary and women aren't creepy. that's an important thing to remember. no matter what we get faulted for, and we'll get faulted for a lot, things like aging, things you can totally control. no matter how much weight you gain, how many wrinkles you get, no matter how opinionated you are, no matter what you become as a woman, women are welcome around public parks and children's birthday parties. always. i could go to an elementary school right now in a hospital gown, with a raccoon on a leash… and the children would be, like, "you have a weird dog." because of that inherent fact that women are not creepy. men. all you've got to do is part your hair wrong. so i get up near this baby, i wipe the sweat from my brow, i calm myself and say to the woman, "excuse me, hi. i need to squeeze your baby's leg." she was, like, "absolutely! get in there! get in there! his name is charlie." she gave me his blood type, his social security number… there's an art to squeezing a baby leg. you're not actually squeezing. you're taking your pincher fingers, and you're putting it like this, and lightly oscillating… allowing the fat to rapidly undulate… so fast it looks like a fluid motion, not unlike the flapping of a hummingbird's wings, okay. this is how i give a hand job. baby leg! any pressure you would apply to said leg, you divert up to your back molar, and you grind it. when you feel enamel starting to break down, that's how you know you gotta get out of there, okay. you know you're at maximum capacity for cuteness when you start making thinly veiled threats to the child. i'm going to eat that leg. i'm gonna bite that nose! the mom was into it! she was, like, "eat his fucking leg!" i'm gonna eat that leg. "bite his fucking nose!" i'm gonna eat that nose! everyone's into it, except the kid who's being the adult. he's, like, "what the fuck is this?" baby leg.

so… back to our original narrative. you're a dragon in your kitchen. and those maternal, we don't have to restrict it to just women. paternal, parental. those maternal urges start to bubble up. because they're unrealized. you did not verbalize last night on your date that you might, one day, possibly, with the right person, want kids. it's bubbling up, you're sitting there, eating your oreos, like… baby. i want a child. family. baby. who's the baby? you look over and who do 100% of us take out our parental urges on? our pets. who's the baby? your dog is sitting there, like, "oh, fuck, it's me!" and you, scoop him up, you don't give him a chance to run. you sweep all four legs, daniel-san, just… and you throw him on his back! the dog's, like, "this is not natural!" and then you start to rock it. now you're a psychopath. who's the baby? and the dog's, like, "please, i'm nauseous!" you're an angel. who wants kisses, who wants kisses? the dog doesn't know they're kisses. all the dog sees are your canine incisors coming at his face. this tooth right here is what lets him know that you're a fucking carnivore. human beings don't get this close to other human beings' faces unless it's like a ufc weigh-in, like, "i'm gonna eat you, motherfucker!" that's exactly… who's the baby? the dog's, like, "please put me down!" who wants belly kisses? "please don't bite my dick!" it doesn't even occur to you that he might be terrified. you're, like, "oh, he loves his mama." he loves– he loves you? next time, notice the cirque du soleil stunt your dog is willing to pull… to get away from your love. he's, like, "i died well!" dog looks up at you. closes his blouse. goes and hides under something he deems impenetrable, like a kitchen chair. "yes, from behind these four legs, i will lead the war."

what's really fucked-up… is that ten minutes later… the dog has forgotten. he's forgotten the broad strokes… of the abuse. here's what he knows. he knows something bad… happened. he knows… something bad will happen again. and again, and again. he also knows… that he loves you. but he's conflicted. because he knows that the person he loves… is the one who's going to make the bad thing happen. it's like stockholm syndrome meets groundhog day. here's what's even more fucked-up. ten minutes later… you need another hit. you're just coming down off your high, you're, like, "i gotta go to the grocery store. i've got a callback–" who's the baby? this time he doesn't remember. he's, like, "i don't know! i don't know. why don't i remember?" you're getting closer. who's the baby? "i don't know." the dog's having very blurry flashbacks of teeth, and kisses, and belly rubs. it's like westworld for dogs. who's the baby? "i don't know! leave me alone!" who's the baby? "i don't know! i don't know who the–" he looks down at his arm and there's a tattoo that just says… "you're the baby." you're the baby.

so, i'm getting married. one of the lovely things about the man that i'm marrying is that he has never asked me to change anything about myself. this is a very weird job. we're on a ship. i'm telling jokes. those things don't go together. he's always been respectful of my job, he's never asked that i not go, not go to work, that i not take a gig. the only thing he's ever asked that i not do was a couple of weeks ago, we were getting ready for bed, and i came out, dressed, and he looked at me and went, "babe. love you. can you not wear men's basketball shorts to bed?" and i was, like, "interesting request. proceed." he goes, "uh… love you. think you're beautiful. it's just that… i'm not as attracted to you and i don't really want to have sex with you… when you're in men's basketball shorts." i was, like, "oh… that's the idea! thanks for the ring, fucker!" he's sitting in the back, like, "we fuck. i mean…"

my dad's also here so that was a weird take, so… a big part of getting married is you have to buy a wedding dress. and this is just one more milestone in our lives as women where other women don't clue us in on how terrible it actually is. we say we're girls' girls and feminists, but none of us, like, give the truth about girl things. we act like it's sugar and spice, i keep my cereals in canisters like a psycho, i'm doing it, yoga. okay. everything, every big thing in a woman's life. oh, you had your period? welcome to being a woman. there's no homegirl, like, "you're gonna wanna rip out your ovaries, and hate your body, and you're gonna cry. you're gonna want a lot of chocolate. probably not even go to school. your skin's gonna break out. welcome to womanhood. get in the game." they don't say that, okay? you're having a baby? oh, it's so beautiful. "come here. you're gonna shit yourself. then society's gonna judge you 'cause you didn't get your body back like that." "you're getting a wedding dress? oh, it's so magical. so magical. you show up. it's so magical. you show up. your mother is there. she doesn't tell you you look tired. you've lost so much weight, every dress just cascades off of you. a modeling coach walks by and says, 'she's too beautiful for the runway.' you stand there. your best friends are there, and they… and none of them are jealous. and a dove brings you the perfect silken… and it just…" no. it's you standing there at a dress shop in west hollywood with your mom on facetime asking you how facetime works. just use the button! ask somebody near you! there's some russian seamstress at the bottom, like, "your hips are too wide for this cut. you should not try it on." then you go eat chick-fil-a. like, that's buying a wedding dress. so, i was trying on wedding dresses, and i figured i should go with a big princess dress, because that's the chance to wear it, so i put it on, and i come out… and i realize, if that's the kind of dress you wear, if you extrapolate your wedding dress from the actual day… you're dressed like a lunatic. for, like, deeply disturbing psychological reasons. you're, like, "i'm a pretty princess. i'm a pr–" no, you're gaby, and you work in hr. you are not a pr– "no, i'm a pretty princess." and all of your maids have to agree with you, like, "yes, fairest of all." "i'm a pr– i'm a ballerina princess! 'cause i've got arena shoes. 'cause i'm daddy's ballerina. i'm a pretty princess. bring me snow white's heart on a platter." so i'm trying all different dresses, and there's this weird phenomenon with women, when you try on more than three articles of clothing. there is no fourth. you just start crying. there's something about incandescent lighting hitting your fat cells that actually makes them multiply on the spot. you get angry. do you ever do this move where you hit your fat, hoping to pop it? it doesn't. it just leaves a bruise, then you can't wear shorts.

so… i started to get upset and i did the mistake that all women do. i started to get angry about something on my body i couldn't control. every girl's got a thing that she hates about herself that's impossible to change. for me, i don't like how tall i am. that makes it sound like i'm tall. i wish i were taller. so tall. to you, like, "she's so tall." 'cause i'm this big on your tv. but i am 5'5″. and it kills me. it's not short enough that– "do you shop at gap kids? you're so petite!" no. and it's not tall enough that people assume i'm a natural athlete. i'm just this average… 5'5″… member of the proletariat marching to pick a size 7 shoe. like, it's just… anytime you tell another woman what you don't like about yourself, they never let you say it. oh, i'd kill to have your hair. i'd kill to have your beak, i love your feathers. it's like… so, i'm sitting there, getting ready to pick out a dress for my wedding, and i was angry. that's not an emotion you want to attach… to your wedding. i started to feel sad, and, for me, when i get upset about something, i attach it to literally everything else in my life. and it spirals. it's not about the dress, it's about how i feel about the dress, it's how i feel about me, i'll marry my dog, we'll live in the woods! like, it just goes, like that. started to get real angry about my body 'cause it wasn't fitting perfectly into the right dress that i wanted. i stopped and was, like, "if i'm feeling this way right now, there's gotta be other women who feel this way."

so i'm going to say this 'cause i wish i'd given myself this pep talk that day. here's the truth. girls, your bodies are perfect… and normal… and functional… and beautiful. there's always one girl in back with a horn. "what about me?" no. not you! shave it. quit following me. but we've been brainwashed into trying to live up to this instagram photoshop example of what beauty is. and some girls do look like that. fuck them. no, some girls do. there's always something you don't like. we have to stop faulting ourselves for things that are very normal. "i've got cellulite. what if he doesn't want to have sex with me 'cause i have cellulite?" well, 100% of women have some form of cellulite. if he doesn't want to fuck you 'cause you got cellulite, he'd better start fucking dudes, 'cause… there's no other option till the robots take over. moreover, he doesn't want to have that conversation. a guy doesn't find it attractive when you verbalize over and over how much you hate something. "but my cellulite? i showed it to you." look at that. i'll make a face out of it." he doesn't… the conversation he wants to have is the following. "let me ask you a question. are you going to continue to breathe during intercourse?" you're, like, "yeah, i was planning on it." he's, like, "then we're cool. that holds up in court… i found out." but i've got this, and chub, and i don't like my arms. and i have stretch marks, from growing from an infant! and i don't want to be this hand-holding, like, "every woman is perfect." look, you might not be perfect, okay. i'm not here to judge that, if you're not, if you are. what i say is it's up to you to decide how much you love your body. fuck everybody else. don't fuck them– not literally. but… if it makes you feel good! it probably won't. it's up for you to decide, because we get so upset, and you know what? the guy you like probably isn't even going to notice the thing you hate. most people won't. men won't. most of the things, a guy is not going to notice. they're not that observant. 40% of men can only see three colors. 40% of the men here don't know that that's red. notice it's a hollow laugh. 40% of the men are, like, "hah! oh, fuck. siri, what is red?"

and, again, you might have a perfect body. you might not have a great body. i don't know what you got under that tarp. you could have… blown out the whole region with a bad wax strip, i don't know. but i do know is this. whatever you have as a woman, whatever your body looks like, girls. however bad you think it is pales in comparison to the look of 100% of… scrotums! what is that? what the fuck is that? why is this not the topic of every state of the union address? why is this– how come– my thighs can't touch, but you have two dead baby birds, hanging. sir, bat-like. hanging. sometimes so low, they're in the toilet water. hanging. every guy here is laughing, smiling, or not making eye contact with me. because it's never occurred to men to question their bodies. every guy is, like, "why wouldn't you want this on your face for free?" if we are to move forward as women, as feminists, we need to decide we won't be shamed for what our bodies look naturally either. and just so you know, gentlemen. it's something that we tolerate. but it's not something that we fantasize about. it's just the way it is, so we never really question it. but no woman growing up was, like, "this is my backstreet boys poster. this is nsync. and this is a nut sack!" like, none of us! it's hideous and, i'll tell you something else, it's a little traumatizing. 'cause we put effort into the way we look. and we're sitting in bed, waiting for you to come out, just like you have every night, and you come out the bathroom naked. you look at us, and we look at you, like, "oh, god, there it is." who's the baby? thank you so much for coming out tonight to have a good time. thank you.

all right! dallas, texas! thank you. oh. how are you guys doing? thank you for coming out, y'all. fantastic. i am so excited and honored to be shooting my hour special in my hometown of dallas, texas. yes, ma'am. i'm so excited to be here. not thrilled with getting here. i have to be honest. i fly enough that i feel i have the right to say this. if you work for an airline, i hate you. okay? i hate you. and i don't want to hear, "no, my cousin sheila's a real sweetheart. she works for southwest." fuck your cousin sheila. all right, your cousin sheila's a goddamn bitch. and i'll tell you something else. the only reason people work for airlines is because the nazi party is no longer hiring. i don't have an issue… thank you.

i don't have an issue with flying. my issue is with the boarding of the plane. has anyone else here ever had the misfortune of being stuck in boarding zone four? like, that's when you have a seat… you have a ticket 'cause you're holding it… but you're so low on the food chain, it pretty much goes, like, first-class, luggage, terrorists, maybe you. and they take such painstaking care to board zones one through three. and if you don't fly that airline often enough, you are s.o.l. in terms of getting on that plane 'cause they are boarding groups of people that you didn't even know you could apply to be part of. we're gonna start boarding flight 556 to dallas/fort worth. we're gonna start boarding zone one. these are our first-class passengers, our first members, our gold members, our golden shower members. there you go. thank you, there you go. right this way. our golden eagle members, our eagle face members. if you have an eagle face instead of a person face 'cause you lost your face in some sort of horrible holiday turkey deep fry accident, you didn't have enough butt fat to get a nose grafted onto your face, so you had to borrow one from an eagle, so now you have a beak, and you like to eat mice, you can get on the plane. boarding zone two… these are our silver members, our silver star members, our silver surfer members. if anybody likes comic books, you're a fuckin' nerd. you can sit in the back of the plane. silver hair, if you're old, hurry the fuck up. silver spoons, if you like ricky schroder, '80s tv shows, you were born really wealthy, you can get on the plane. silver bullet summer… no, ma'am, you cannot bring your coors light up in this, bitch. boarding zone three. these are our… these are our copper members, our copper star members, our copper topper members. is anybody using a duracell-operated device? i don't give a shit if it's a pacemaker. you turn that off for takeoff. copperhead. if you have a copperhead snake as a pet instead of a normal goddamn pet like a dog or a cat, you're like, "fuck it, i'm gonna get me a snake. "yeah, fuck you, dad. i'm not going to law school. "i'm gonna go to art school online "and learn how to draw dragons "and manage a hot topic in my spare time. "i love my snake. "i'm bringing her to thanksgiving. "her name is judy. we're in snake love. "i love her so much. don't touch me, mom." you get on the plane. and boarding zone four, you can go fuck yourself. now boarding all zones.

i spend a lot of time traveling. spend a lot of time in hotels. and as a result of it, i watch a lot of tv. and i think the saddest commercial out there has to be the spca sarah mclachlan ad. seen it? with the fucked up animals? can i tell you a secret about this commercial? it knows when you're alone. do you ever notice it only comes on when you're by yourself, maybe you're drunk? you're vulnerable, right? and what's crazy is at first, yes, you are sad for the animals. but the longer you watch it, the longer your sadness kind of begins to turn on you, and by the end of it, somehow, you just feel really bad for yourself? you're sitting there, like, "oh, my god. there's… that cat doesn't have a face." i don't know. "i'm so sad. "i feel so bad for him. "and i feel so bad for his cat family. and i feel so bad for… me." "oh, god. what am i gonna do? "what should i do? i should… i should… i should get a cat." so you get a cat. but because he's from the spca, like, let's be honest, he's all, like, fucked up and autistic. just shits everywhere. you're like, "oh, my god. what did you eat?" goes through your stuff. he only eats the buttons off your good sweaters. you're like, "how did you know to go to for the good sweaters? "why didn't you go for the crappy sweaters? why do you have such exquisite taste?" gotta get rid of him 'cause he's ruining everything. but what do you do? you can't kill him because… because that's fucking insane, i guess. but you gotta get rid of him. so what do you do? i'm gonna tell you. you put kitty in the car. you drive him to a neighborhood he doesn't know. you let him out of the car. don't worry. the spca will find that cat.

i don't know if you've noticed. they're in the business of secondhand cattery. they find the cat. they clean him off. they update his resume. he gets a job managing, like, a chipotle. he's fine, all right? so in honor of that commercial, i have a treat for you guys. this is my cat. this is my dog blanche, and i adopted her. and sometimes when you adopt an animal, you don't know their back story. so for blanche, i made one up. in my house, we pretend that blanche used to be a dog prostitute… which makes sense, because as you can tell, she's a little sad behind the eyes… but she clearly has no problem with you staring at her dog vagina. make it rain. shake it for the money. so in honor of that commercial, she and i are now going to do our rendition of it for you. here we go. in the arms of the angel, far away from here, in this dark, cold hotel room, and the end, dah, dah, dah, dah, dah you were pulled… that's it. that's it for blanche. let's get serious. my dog is so cute, i want to hurt her. do you ever get that way? when something is so cute, it makes you angry. i just want to rip its nose and… you ever get that way when something is so cute, you don't know if you can trust yourself around it? i used to get that way with my nana. she's, like, this tall, and you ever hug your grandparent, and you're, like, "oh, my god, i just wanna push you down the stairs." you ever feel that way? you ever feel the urge, just, "what if i just…" "just feel like…" hypothetically. sometimes, i get that way around garbage disposals. you ever just put your hand in just to feel the… feel the fear? you reach the other hand over. you don't touch the switch, but you hover around it? you're like, "what if i just…" "no!" i don't do that either. it was just a joke. sometimes you get that way with cute things, like babies. sometimes babies are so cute. sometimes babies are not so cute. but sometimes babies… so cute, you know, fat, little, baby cheek. you just want to rip his cheek off. but you can't 'cause you won't be allowed around the baby anymore. that's for goddamn sure.

there was another version of that commercial. what happened was they aired that commercial. and it was such a hit, so many people were adopting pets, so many people were donating money, so many people were going on antidepressants. and they were like, "let's do another one." so they tried to recreate the magic of that one. so in this commercial, they play another sarah mclachlan song, okay? i don't know the song, but it's some lesbian chant. that's happening. and they zoom in on these pictures of these jacked up animals. and at the bottom of the screen, they put a caption of what the animal is thinking? now, where they got that information, i don't know. they show a dog, and he's all no teeth. he's just awful-looking, like, "nah!" "where's my family?" "i don't know!" they show another dog, and he's all muddy and gnarly. he's just, "nah!" "i hope they come back for me." "nah! "dad, you said you was going for cigarettes. "why? it's me, spot." and then, they showed a cat. and this cat was, like, 45 pounds. it… it had one eye. and it turned… do you know him? and it turned around… he turned around in slow motion, and it wasn't a camera trick. he's just, like, a 45-pound cat, i guess. he doesn't have, like, a meeting to rush to. so he's not… "i'm sorry for whatever i did wrong." no, that's where i stopped buying that commercial. there's no way a cat has remorse. you ever met a cat? there's no way he's apologetic. whatever that cat did to land him in cat jail, he's not sorry he did it. he's sorry he got caught. there's a difference. that cat's as hard as they come. he doesn't give a shit. he's sitting there in his little cat cell. he's got "meow mix for life" tattooed on his little belly. he's got a little rat that he's made his bitch. it's carving a shiv out of cheese in the corner. he's got one sharpened cat claw. he's just running it against the bars, like, "brr. brr." oh, yeah, he's got one eye. i forgot. "brr. brr." he's like, "hear me?" "i don't give a fuck." "you think i care? "oh, hell, yeah, i scratched up your curtains. and i'd do it again. fuck you." this is a cat paw. that commercial is sad.

the commercial that makes me feel the worst about myself, i would have to say, would be the p90x commercials. that commercial always comes on when i'm eating… which is the worst time for any fitness commercial comes on 'cause it knows when you're sitting there being a little fatty, eatin' graham crackers with your shirt off, watching "law & order: svu." it knows. and it comes on, and it gets you, you're just sittin' there. you're like, "i'll never find love. i don't know. i don't…" "do you want to get in shape?" you're like… and by the way, it's not asking you if you want to get in regular-person shape. it's not talking to normal people. it's talking to, like, navy seals. it's talking to crazy people. it's not asking you if you want to look mediocre when you go to the pool this summer, uh-uh. it's just for crazy… it's saying, "hey, faggot, do you want to get in such fucking good shape "so fucking quickly that your arms "and your… and your chest and your back "get too big to fit through normal doorways, "so every time you come through, you smash into the plaster, "and you're costing your mother thousands of dollars "in drywall damage? "is that what you want? "do you want your friends and family to fear you "because you drink horse testosterone "and creatine shakes, and they make you sleep outside? "is that what you fuckin' want? "do you want to get so huge so quickly, "so unnaturally, that all your clothes "shrink on you, and they fit like baby clothes "'cause you're like the hulk mid-transformation, "and you can't afford to buy new clothes 'cause you spent all your money on these fucking p90x dvds?" my question is why? why would the average guy want to get that jacked that fast? why? so you can, what, be the strongest manager at the verizon store? what are you doing with that muscle? you work in sales. you're not guarding sparta. it's fine. "this is smart phone." i think p90x has a subliminal message that a lot of us are missing 'cause i don't think they're talking to regular people. i think the commercial needs to be honest and come clean and say what their product is really meant for. the commercial should sound like this. "hey, p90x guy here. what's up? "so did you, like, recently commit a crime, "and you've been sentenced to prison, and you have to report there in 90 days, so…" "you figure in the interim, "you'll just get as huge as possible "for fear of the safety of your butthole? p90x." yeah. it's a prison workout. they're like, "you can do it from the comfort of your own living room." that's 'cause your living room and a jail cell are roughly the same square footage. do the math. think about it. "no equipment. no excuses." no shit there's no equipment. you'll get raped with equipment in prison. you can't have it there. "we here at p90x want you to get creative "with your workout. fuck your antiques, bro. "your girlfriend's gonna break up with you "when you go to jail anyway. "may as well use shit around your house. "take your dining room table. cut off the back legs. "put it at an angle. "now, you have a bench for incline presses. "p90x. "go ahead. grab your old kenwood speakers. "that's right. take 'em off the front lawn. "use those for weight. "you can take water bottles. dump that shit out. "fill 'em up with sand. "use those for bicep curls "'cause you're too cheap to buy a shake weight. "you're gonna get enough of this in prison. p90x." the problem with p90x is that it works. like, yes, it will change your body, but only from the neck down. they don't tell you in the commercial your face stays exactly the same as it was. "do you want to have the body of a 20-year-old adonis, "but go ahead and keep the face "of a balding, middle-aged accountant? "p90x, disappoint your wife from the chin up on a nightly basis." these guys at p90x, you want to look hot, just get in shape.

i think women in our country have too many options for weight loss to the point of paralysis. there's so many options. you go on tv, the internet, women's magazines. there's so many, you can't even make a choice. i was reading a women's magazine the other day 'cause i wanted to punish myself and just feel awful, and they had all these diet tips. diet tips for ladies. i saw this one in "cosmo." they suggested that women, if you're on a diet, "next time you're on a diet and you're hungry, don't ruin the day…" 'cause your whole day is ruined if you eat a doughnut, by the way. you have to kill yourself immediately. "don't ruin the day by grabbing a fried snack. instead, just grab a handful of almonds." just go out… just go and grab a handful of almonds. you ever do this? when you're hungry, you get a handful of… you don't do that? you don't go up to the nearest tree and just giraffe yourself like… "cindy, i'll be right there." handful of almonds. "cosmo" says get a handful of almonds. just go ahead, get a handful of almonds, and get a hand… why don't you go fuck yourself with a handful of almonds, "cosmo"? see how full you get off that. i'm a grown woman, not a sugar squirrel. almonds. juicing. that's a big thing. "why don't you just juice it? do you want to just juice? "we should do juices and smoothies. you wanna make a smoothie?" you pronounce smoothie like this 'cause you only need this much of your mouth open to drink it. smoothie. they want women to do this. take all your food, juice it down. go get your carrots. get your kale. don't forget the kale. get your kale. get the apples. put it in the juicer. go ahead and juice the apple and the celery. put your hand in the juicer. juice your hand down. juice your hand right down to the nub. make sure you juice all of it. you'll lose 2 ounces. drink your hand, there's lots of nutrients in your hand. "cosmo" never said to juice your hand. i'm just gonna put that out there. make a smoothie. do you have time in the morning to make a smoothie? you have time for this? no? shocking. you don't have time in the morning to go out to your own personal botanical garden and cut down a brontosaurus brunch worth of broccoli and asparagus, juice it down to an ounce, so you can shit green for a week? you don't have time?

i love being a stand-up comedian. it's probably the best job ever. uh, if i could have any job… if i could have any job, i would be a cat. but that is not something i'm supposed to talk about in public. if i could have any job besides this, i know this sounds weird, but i would be a pharmacist because i would be… like, i would add something cool to it. i would be, like, a different kind of pharmacist, okay? so i would do it differently, okay? so… so i would look like a pharmacist. i would wear the white coat, 'cause without the white coat, you're just a drug dealer. i'd wear the white coat, but under it, i would go to, like, a renaissance fair. we have renaissance fairs here? all: yeah. yes! of course we do. every state's got white trash. of course we do. so i'd go to a renaissance fair. and i would go to, like, the witch doctor's tent. and i would get one of those, like, medieval witch woman belts that has, like, some leather. and it's got bells and raccoon pelts and a jug for your ale, whatever. and it'd have, like, a jar of pigeon whisperers. i'd have all these things, all the accoutrement of a creepy witch on my belt. and i'd put it under the coat so that when i walked, the coat would flare open, and you'd get glimpses of my medieval trickery under it. just… and you'd be in line at the pharmacy. and you'd be like, "what's up with that one pharmacist? "is she into the dark arts? "is she a sorceress? magic with a 'k'? does she play "skyrim" alone? what is that?" and i wouldn't come up to the counter. instead… instead of a bell that you ring, i would get… i would get a raven. i would stuff a raven. and i would give it a beard. i'd glue on the beard. i would spend my time gluing the beard on, and it would have a beard, and i would sit him on the perch, so when you came up to the counter, you'd have to pull the beard. and then the raven will go… that's my cue to appear. and then i'd… pfft. yes? secretly, i was waiting under the counter to hear the raven. and then… pfft. yes? i was right there. there's no magic. i'm right there. yes, my child? i call you my child 'cause that's what creepy people do. yes? and you'd hand me your prescription. and i'd say, "okay, one moment." and i'd have a hump. oh, yeah, i have a hump. you gotta have a hump. if you're gonna be making medicine, you gotta have a hump 'cause the hump says that you're serious. a hump is your calling card. a hump says, "i'm not out partying. "i'm not out getting drunk. "i'm downstairs in the basement "studying alchemy and… and witchery. "and i'm learning how to turn "newt thoughts into rat eyeballs. "i'm doing things like that. "i'm learning the proper use for an erlenmeyer flask. i'm down there doing these things, okay?" so i have the hump, and then… and then, i'd take your… i'd take your prescription. and… one moment. i have a limp too… 'cause the limp comes with the hump, standard. and then i would set to work making your medicine. so i'd be back here, and i would have my back to you. and i'd… i'd have all these sound effects on, like, a keyboard ready, so you would be standing there. and you'd hear like… "eh, one moment." and i would also have a closed-circuit tv right here, so i could watch everything in the pharmacy, okay? so you would go to, like, touch something, and i would see you on the tv. and i would just say this, "i wouldn't touch that if i were you." but i'm just watching you. and i have… and, like, an hour later, i'd emerge with your medicine in the orange bottle. like, i didn't make your shit. i had it ready to go. i was just wasting your time… 'cause a hump suggests that i'm making it, so i want you to follow that fantasy. i didn't… i don't know how to make medicine out of herbs. i'm not chinese. so i have it. and i'd come up to the counter. and i'd say… and i'd set it down. and i'd say, "would you like a consultation?" and you'd say, "sure." and i'd say, "okay." and i'd hold up your pill to the light. i shouldn't touch your medicine, but i'm going to. i'd hold it up, and i'd say, "take one!" one, one. and i'd have all the other pharmacists flip the lights on and off to make it… and they'd put lighters up to the sprinklers. and we'd get one of the fog machines left over from our halloween sale. and pfft, and it would fill the room. and we'd have people wafting it with car mats just to make it go in some sort of circle. "take one on the seventh solstice of the third vernal equinox." it's two different times a year, but it's just a bit. "take one in the presence… "presence of a righteous man "with the blood of a virgin. "also with crackers, so you don't upset your tummy." i give it to you, and as you are going to leave, you didn't even say anything. i'd say, "wait!"

i grab you… grab you with a grabbing hand. what's a grabbing hand? i'm gonna tell you. you can't… if you're gonna grab someone and you want to instill fear in their hearts, you can't grab with a well-manicured hand with, like, a pretty ring. no one's gonna be afraid. if i grab you with this hand, you'd be like, "what? that sounds awesome." it's got to be creepy, okay? someone grabs you out of a grave. what does it look like? it's sinewy. it's got dirty nails. it's all "thriller"-looking. just nah! gonna grab him. how do you make a grabbing hand? i'm going to tell you. you put your hand outside your car for two hours a day, so it tans quicker than the rest of you. you take special liver pills that prevent your liver from functioning on this side. so you start to get liver spots all over, okay? now, you gotta make your fingers creepy. so maybe… so this finger… you've got, like, a coke nail on that finger. this one's got, like… like, a raccoon eyeball for a ring. maybe this… you don't need this finger. you cut this one off totally 'cause you lost it… you lost it in the hobbit bore. i don't care. and then you get a bracelet made of, like, whore gypsy kardashian hair. you wrap your hand in it. and just as you're… i pull out my grabbing hand. i have it sheathed. it's sheathed in a sheath. and, uh… just as you were leaving, i'd go, "wait!" you'd be, like, "what?" and i'd say, "there's one more thing." and i'd pull out a hand of magic dust, which is just sand from the beach aisle in the pharmacy. i'd pull… i'd pull out a hand of dust. and i would just go… "do you have a cvs card?" i love walking around pharmacies. i love doing that. i can't… i can't go to a pharmacy and not spend money. one of the products that creeps me out… they have a product at every pharmacy called "k-y intense." you seen the commercials for this thing? the commercial for… first of all, the commercial for k-y intense is super offensive. and we will talk about that. in the c… first of all, if you've ever used k-y intense, you know that it's intense because it burns. i will volunteer that. i accidentally used it one time thinking, like, "this is gonna be magical." and it burned. and i promise you girls don't want that. in my life, i've never been, like, "man, that sex was awesome. "but you know what i wanted to feel, like, right after? fire." of course, they don't bill it as a burning sensation on tv. they call it "a tingling sensation." and they try to, like, talk to the girls. they're like, "ladies, do you want "more pleasure out of your three minutes? do you want that? okay." "well, k-y intense is great "'cause it's a tingling sensation for her "and he gets to use his penis. so everybody wins." but even if it… even if it was a tingling sensation, we live in a society preconditioned to not want tingling. we don't like tingling. we know that tingling, it means a bad thing is happening. "hey, everyone, grandma says her arm is tingling." "oh, she must be having an orgasm." "you don't have to rush her to the hospital. "she's laying on the ground "with her eyes rolled back in her head. she's clearly enjoying herself." tingling. it's horrible. you ever hit your funny bone and been, like… "ahh." the commercial is awful because it's two british people. and they're sitting there having breakfast. and they're discussing all the sex that they had the night before… 'cause they used the k-y intense. but because the brits are very tacit about sexual things, they're not coming right out and discussing it. they're speaking in code. and at the bottom of the screen are the subtitles in american so we can understand what they're saying. so they're sitting there, and they're eating. they're having their… porridge. they're eating their curds and whey. i don't care what the brits eat. we won the war, so there. right? so they're sitting there. and they're eating it. and it's just very quiet. and they're just… teeth out to here. and the girl looks at the guy. "wonderful dessert last night, sire." she didn't say "sire." they don't talk like that anymore. so she talks, and there's subtitles. "wonderful dessert last night." "hey! what'd you put on my puss, nigga?" and then the guy… responds in kind. he's like, "oh, yes, 'twas… "'twas a bit of a new recipe. hoped you liked it." "put some of that k-y shit on my dick, bitch. how you like me now?" and then, the girl is, like, "oh, yes. 'twas quite invigorating. didn't expect that one." "you fucking kidding me with that shit? "what'd you put? ants on your dick? is this a joke?" "you want to fucking die, motherfucker? "you want to end up on snap? i'll fucking kill you. this fuckin' hurt." then the guy, like, "oh, yes, "tried a spin on an old recipe. tried a dash of nutmeg." and there were no subtitles for that because i think they fucking do use nutmeg. and that's what makes it burn so much. i know a lot about sex and dating. i know a lot about dating because i watch a lot of dates. that sounds creepy. i host a dating show. so i've learned a lot about men and women and their interactions. and one important thing that i've learned is that when you like someone and you want to impress them, what do you do? you lie. you have to, because if people knew how weird you were in your off time, no one would have you. a guy says to you, "what do you like to do for fun?" girls, you can't be honest. you can't be honest about that shit. you can't be honest about what you were doing 10 minutes before you came to the door. you have to lie. "what do you like to do for fun?" you can't tell him. you can't be, like, "i really enjoy "choreographing naked cheerleading routines "to old britney spears cds. "and then, i google a bunch of hentai porn, "masturbate, don't wash my hands, "facebook stalk my ex-boyfriend and his ex-girlfriends, "jot down their place of employment for future reference. "and then, i go bake some cookies. "and then, i mouth-kiss my dog and promise her that one day she'll be my wife." you can't say that. nine times out of ten, a guy asks a girl, "what do you like to do for fun?" the girl's answer will be, "hiking." "i love hiking. i do. i do… don't i? i do. i love hiking." "i do, hiking's…" "i love hiking." "i do. i love it. i love hiking." "no, you don't. stop lying. "you don't like… really, stacy? you like hiking? "where are your trail spikes? where's your walking stick? where's your lesbian mountain partner?" you don't like hiking. you don't even know what hiking is. most modern girls don't really know what hiking is, okay? to the average girl, hiking is you wake up whenever you want, you put on lululemon yoga pants 'cause they make your butt look unreasonably good as they should for 800 fucking dollars. and you go for a walk in the park with your best friend and complain about how hung over you are. that's hiking. yeah. i do it too. promise you this, girls. it's not a sport if you can drink a starbucks and have a pita while you're doing it. "do you want a piece of pita?" "i'm hiking." but there's a method to our madness. there's a reason women say "hiking." we say hiking because we think guys like hiking. that's why we're doing it. be outside where the bugs are? no! we think you like that. we're taught to believe that men are outdoorsy, and rugged, and they like nature. as far as we're concerned, you're the closest thing we know to a bear. so we say hiking, hoping to have something in common with you. we honestly say "hiking" hoping that you'll be, like, "you like hiking? i like hiking. marry me." it's the easiest thing you can say that you do. it's one of the only outdoor activities that you can lie and say that you do it having never done it before, and then do it and pull it off because it's walking. you can't pull that off, you shouldn't be mating with anyone. you ca… most outdoor activities require a decent amount of skill. for example, you can't say you like rock climbing if you've never been rock climbing. i mean, you can, but i promise you this. you're gonna go. you're gonna slip. you're gonna get your hand caught in a rock. 127 hours later… stump's not getting you a second date. i promise you that.

i don't know if girls wanna hear this, but the truth is 90% of the activities that women engage in revolve around getting a guy's attention, okay? and it's just the way we're built biologically. this is just something we do. we love to get your attention. it's part of the sport of it, all right? you think i go to a sports bar because i like warm beer and sticky barstools? no. i go 'cause there's guys there. you think i do a pub crawl every year 'cause i like it when my liver hurts? no! i go 'cause there's guys there. we don't wear heels for our circulation. we do it to prop up our butt so you'll look at me and want to mate with me. that's why we do it. this isn't a fucking game, all right? this isn't a push-up bra. it's body armor. and this ain't makeup, sweetheart. it's war paint. let's make a baby. girls know exactly what they're doing. we know exactly what you like, what you don't like. we do our research when we like a guy. and by research, i mean we facebook stalk you. we do it. i know your favorite foods. i know where you went on vacation. i know that your favorite team is the cowboys. i know all about that. i'm totally into you. that's right. they say men are hunters and women are gatherers. well, kind of. women are gatherers. we like to gather information about you. and then we hunt you. you think when i bring you home to meet mom on christmas it's 'cause i want her to meet you? no, it's so i can be, like, "mom, look what i caught." we have to, because guys are kind of passive when it comes to meeting women. sure, they go out. but girls make a sport of it. my guy friends don't care. if they had their way, they'd spend every saturday night with each other… which is weird… watching "1000 ways to die," eating sandwiches, ragging on their one friend that has a huge nut sack for no reason. like, that's what they would do. going out's very important. you got a real job, your weekend is very important to you, because a weekend represents 48 hours that you have to fuck up the life that you worked so hard for all week. that's what your weekend is. if you're a real professional, your weekend starts thursday at, like, 5:00 p.m. right? you go to happy hour. happy hour trickles into, like, nighttime. you're drinking a little bit 'cause you can go to work a little hung over, right? no one's doing real work on friday. nobody's working on a friday. nobody's working on a friday 'cause it's what? shabbat. no. because it's friday and nobody cares. you ever been at work, your boss is never gonna be, like, "let's get in those reports and start brainstorming." you're, like, "okay, i'll be there." "oh, you were serious? okay, little hand job. i'll be at my desk. that's fine."

girls take going out very seriously 'cause that's our hunting grounds. "going out. let's do it." "do you want to do, like, a girls' night? do you wanna do that?" every weekend, i get calls from my girlfriends. "do you want to do, like, just girls? "do you want to do, like, a fun girls' night? iliza, i'm talking to you. iliza." "do you want to do that? "do you wanna do, "like, a girls'… we'll just do… "oh, we'll all wear, like, fun shoes. "and we'll all get, like, apis. and then, we'll do, like, a fun girls' night." "do you wanna do that? "i wanna do a girls' night. i made an evite for the four of us." "you didn't answer." "'cause i'm standing right here." "you're such a bitch." "let's do a girls' night. let's do just girls. "no boys. let's just all wear wedges and no boys." "let's not do boys, just girls. just the girls." i'm like, "why? we hate each other." girls hate each other. esp… she hates you, especially during the day. but when the moon comes up and there's white wine involved, "oh, my god. stacy, you look amazing. i fucking love you." and you notice the drunker you get, the more spanish you start speaking? "oh, my god. mamacita, muy caliente. whoo!" "fucking love you, chica." but the more love you give to one girlfriend, the more love you must taketh away from another girlfriend. it's how we keep balance in the girl universe. "i love you. can i just tell you?" "i love you, i do. "but you know who i hate? "becky. "she's a bitch." "no, i hate her even though she drove me here and i'm wearing her top." "can i just tell you that? "like, for real, like, i hate her. "will you not tell her? do you promise? "do you… do you prom… you won't tell her? "do you pinky swear? "do you pinky s… do you pinky swear? "even though i'm a grown fucking woman "that pays taxes and votes, do you wanna pinky swear?" "this is ironclad. do you pinky swear? "okay, come here. no, here, take my hand. "i wanna talk to you. come here. "no, like, earlier, like… here, come here, come here. "like, earlier, she was just, like, being, like, a bitch. "and i was, like, 'what's your problem? i don't even understand.'" "now, she's like, 'why are you being, like, so rude? 'and, like… what, are you, like, bipolar or, like, manic? 'like i just freely use these psychological terms "cause i don't know what i'm talking about.' "and she was, like, being, like… wait, wait. "is she looking? "did she hear me talking about her? "is she… pretend like we're not talking about her. "is she gone? "no, but, like, that's the thing. "like, earlier, she was just, like, being, "like, passive-aggressive and, like, crazy. "and, like…" "and i was just, like…" "she was just being, like, a freak. "and she was just, like, disrespecting me. "and, like… no, no, like, when you do it, it's fine." "right? because we get each other 'cause we're both pisces." which means nothing. "do you wanna do that? "do you wanna do a girls night? "fuck yeah. why don't you come over? "'us weekly', jennifer aniston, hang out, "'love actually" watch a movie, braid our hair, stiff as a board, "light as a feather, have some candy, "have some cake, have some cookies, "have some box wine, have some fucking martinis, "and a low-fat pizza. have a goddamn muffin, "have a piece of cake, have a piece of brownie, 'fifty shades of grey.'" "sounds great, cindy. "can't wait to be shit-faced on your couch "at 2:00 a.m. with no boy to make out with. "you got 'grey's anatomy' on dvd? awesome. "pop it in. let's lez out. where's your brother?" yeah. let's make that happen. tired of feeling like a sexual deviant 'cause i just enjoy a little bit of mouth-kissing with my red wine, okay? look, that's what most girls want, by the way. we just wanna make out, just a little bit. right at the beginning when you first meet, they want to make out. that's what most girls want. "i wanna do some fun shoes, red wine, make out, weiner touch, go to bed." that's what we want… when you first meet someone. look, let's not get crazy, right? just make out, and… and then that's it. just real quick, in that order. you don't want to have drunk sex. that's a whole mess. drunk sex, there's emotions, ankle sprains, paper work. there's, like, a whole thing involved.

girls like making out. it's a sentiment echoed by almost any girl in any bar on any night. you pick any bar in the country. you find a girl, she's gonna be drunk, face on sideways, just, like… "i just want to make out with a boy. "i just want to make out with a boy. "i do, i just want to make out with some boy. that's all i want." "i do. i'm pretty, right?" "i just want…" "saved it." that's what you hear. you rarely hear a girl talk about having sex with a stranger. i understand it happens. i understand that there's one-night stands. but rarely does a girl go out with the intention of having sex with a stranger. rarely do you hear a girl, like, "i just want to, like, go out, and, like, party, "and, like, meet some dude, and go home with him, "and then have sex with him, and then wake up, "and realize i never got his name. "but he's already gone to the gym. "so i can't ask him. "so i go over to his coffee table, "and i find a phone bill with his name on it. "and i put it in my pocket, and i go home with the phone bill." "and i get home to my computer, and i take it out. "i'm like, 'brian williamson. that's a generic fucking name.' "so i look up all 90,000 brian williamsons on facebook "until i find the one that resembles him. "and then, i send him a message. "but i have to use bait "'cause i have to make sure he'll write me back. "so i'm like, 'i think i'm pregnant.' "he writes back. 'j/k, mother fucker.' 'but i got you now.' "now, we begin the dance of seduction. "now, i say things, like, 'i just wanna be friends. 'you were super fun to have sex with. 'let's just be friends and have sex. 'fuck a relationship and oxytocin. 'i never wanna have a family. let's just do what you wanna do.' he's into it. so i get your number, right? you hold onto the number until you have an occasion. and then, it's like st. patrick's day. you send out a mass text, but it's just to one person. you ever do that? me neither. it was just a joke. it's the best idea. you find one guy that you like. and you send out a text that's, like, "hey, everyone." make sure you write "everyone" in caps so it's clear that it's for, like, a bunch of people. "hey, everyone, i-o-l." "whatever, smiley face, i'm gonna have a party "at kelly's bar at 9:00 p.m. everybody should come, you guys." triple "z" so he knows there's a lot of people in this text. "okay, see you later." and then you bring your one friend that has no issue with you ditching her. you go to the bar, and you post up, and you wait until he gets there. he shows up. you're like, "i guess everybody passed out. it's just us standing." and then, you make out. and he's, like, "you seem like a cool chick." you're, like, "i'm the coolest chick. i wanna fucking do it." and he's, like, "let's go out tomorrow night." you're like, "yeah, a second date. "it only took me six fucking months. yeah." so now, you're excited 'cause you have a second date.

and girls love getting ready for dates. even though it makes us a little nauseous and all we wanna do is stay home and eat, we love second dates 'cause you got to get ready for your second date. so what do you do? you do your hair, you do your makeup, you shave your big toe. you come to play, right? gotta make sure your underwear's cute. don't wanna go to victoria's secret 'cause that's a bit too much of a commitment. so where do you go for a cheap bra that's really cute? target. they don't fit, and you're like, "fuck it. "for $12.50, i'll wear a bra "made of ceiling insulation and barbed wire. that's fine." "it doesn't fit this boob, "and it makes this nipple fall asleep. but for 12 bucks, i'm good." you get all excited. you put on makeup. you put on the makeup that you're okay with sleeping in. all girls have to make this decision 'cause you know you're not gonna be washing your face because girls are so fucked up that we think, "i'd rather fall asleep, get night zits, "and wake up looking like a melted clown than ever wash my face and show him that i'm a human being." so you go there. you're all excited. you get to his house. you guys start drinking. you get so fucking wasted in the first two hours that you have sex for three minutes before he goes completely soft. and the next thing you know, you wake up in your underwear on his couch. you look over, he's eating noodles, watching harry potter. is this relatable to anyone else?

popular misconception about girls is that we get drunk and we wanna have sex. here's the truth. we do. have a good night. no. we do for, like, the first hour of being drunk, okay? let's talk about the first hour of being drunk mostly because many of you are in that hour right now. i call it "the witching hour." the first hour of being drunk is the best hour of the night because your buzz is fresh. you're happy. you don't feel fat. you haven't cried yet. you're still somewhat of the self you were when you were sober. you still could ostensibly operate heavy machinery if an emergency were to arise, okay? you're in that buzz. you're feeling awesome. your synapses haven't been soaked in alcohol. so you're still alert. you're feeling awesome. you walk into that bar like you own it. you fucking kick that door open even though it's a pull-in door. you don't care. you're just… walk in. "let's do shots, bitches." you and your awful friends line up at the bar. like, "let's do shots." you're doing shots you have no business doing. "let's get jagermeister, goldschlager, rumple minze, aftershock. do you have anything else that tastes like christmas and vomit?" you start doing them. you're like, "fuck it. "it's my bachelorette, 21st birthday, "wedding extravaganza, donkey punch. "i don't know what this is… do it." shot, shot. "what is that, hand soap? bubbles. i don't care. awesome." now, you're on the dance floor. you're like, "this is so good." and you're feeling so good, right? you're dancing. you're all excited 'cause your buzz has just hit you. you're like, "this is great. i fucking love it." you're ambitious about life. you ever plan a workout when you're drunk? when you're drunk, you're, like, "this is when i get in shape. "this is where it starts. going to start tomorrow." you try to drag your friends into it. you're like, "stacy! sta… stacy." "do you wanna work out? you dance like an asshole, by the way. i don't know who dances like this. "do you wanna work out, like, tomorrow? "do you wanna do that? "i'm gonna get up early and work out. "do you wanna go with me? "do you want to go at, like, 6:00? it's 5:00 now." "do you wanna take a spin class?" "do you wanna spin? "do you wanna…" "do you want… you don't wanna spin? "you don't wanna go spinning? "you don't wanna sit on a stationary bike "and tolerate getting pounded in the rectum for an hour "while some twinked-out spandex queen yells at you "over a shitty remix of u2's 'it's a beautiful day' in total darkness?" "you don't wanna do that?" so you're feeling good and you're dancing. you're like, "i feel so thin. "i've never been hotter in my life. i feel so good." and then, it hits you. you're like, "oh, my god. i feel so good right now. i feel so awesome and happy. i wish i could feel this way all the time. i wish i could feel this buzz and this happy all the time." and that's when you realize that's how an alcoholic thinks. but you're, like, "screw it. i'm gonna give it a shot. i'm gonna see just how far i can push being drunk." so you decide to do shots. and you decide, "these shots aren't gonna get me 'cause tonight's the night i outsmart the liquor." "not gonna happen tonight 'cause i'm gonna drink water. going to drink a glass of water with each shot." and this is your brilliant idea. no one in the thousands of years of people imbibing alcohol has ever thought of this. this is your night, einstein. it's your big plan. "i'm gonna do a shot and then have a glass of water, "and then a shot, and then a glass of water. "you can't buy me a shot now, but thank you. i'm just having water." "i'm just having…" "i'm just drinking water, but thank you."

shot and water, but what you don't realize is that five shots in an hour is still five fucking shots in an hour. you went and drank all that water like a crazy camel. yeah, good job. now, you're bloated. and you have to pee. way to be. 'cause when a girl's gotta pee, everything has to come to a halt. every girl's gotta go with her. "i have to pee. do you have to pee?" "i can't go alone. no. "will you stop what you're doing and come with me? "i have to pee. do you have to pee? "i have to pee. i have to go pee." can't go in the bathroom alone. you might not come back. 'cause no girl's ever been to the bathroom alone and survived. it's true. the last woman that attempted it, it was 1937… and her name was amelia earhart. it's a big event. "i have to pee. come on. let's go. "every girl, let's go, you girls. "come on. i have to pee, come on. "take my hand. let's make a chain of whores. everyone holds hands." as they walk into the bathroom. for me, when i'm walking through a crowded bar, the amount of aggression i will display toward the other bar patrons is in direct correlation with how many boys i've gotten to flirt with. meaning if i haven't gotten to talk to any cute guys, mama's gonna be a little aggressive in her walk to the bathroom, okay? guys, when they get drunk, sometimes punch walls. i like to mule kick other girls in the shin. it's totally fine. every girl's done this. and you know why we do it? 'cause we can get away with it. you can knock into a girl and then be, like, "oops. i didn't mean that." our smile is our jedi mind trick. just, "these are not the droids you're looking for." you ever do that? you ever just check a girl into the boards 'cause you can? you ever just been walking, and just been, like… "i love your shoes. oops." takes you forever, but you finally get through that jungle of people. you get to the bathroom.

for those of you that haven't been in a women's restroom late night, a women's restroom late night looks like a scene out of apocalypse now. there's gunfire, explosions, blood everywhere, children, a lot of vietnamese men, which i never quite understood, like, why they'd be there. you're with your buddies just trying to get through everything. you go pee. you get to the sink. and then, your night comes to a screeching halt 'cause for the first time in, like, four hours, you get a look at yourself in the mirror. and you see the swamp witch that you've become. ten minutes ago, you thought you looked like heidi klum. it turns out you look like seal. it hits you like a ton of bricks out of nowhere. and you don't know it's coming. you're sitting there talking to your friends. you're like, "this is awesome. – " i'm gonna be young forever. – this is…" "no! what? what is this? i was once a great beauty." "no. what is this?" you go to touch it. it disappears. you're, like… "is it a hologram? what is that? i look weird." one eyeball has migrated here. you look down. you're just leaking vodka.

now, you don't wanna hook up with anyone. now, all you wanna do is eat. i'm a red-blooded american girl. absolutely, when i get drunk, i would rather eat than hook up with you. i'm sorry. i don't know. give you a hand job or go get fries? both are salty. one will give me carpal tunnel. i'll go with the fries. every time. a popular misconception about girls is that we don't like to eat. girls love to eat. yeah. we just don't like to eat in front of a guy that we like. that's the difference. when you first meet a guy that you like, you can't eat the way you want to on a date. you can't. you can't have that fourth plate of ribs on a date… i found out. going on a date, society dictates that guys can do what they want and women have to be dainty. so he's gonna get fries, a burger, half a gazelle, whatever he wants to eat. girls, you get the menu, what are you ordering? – all: salad. – salad. like hot little robots. salad. and it's an excruciating experience 'cause you're trying to just look pretty the whole time. he's sitting there enjoying his burger. you're eating your lettuce. you're just sitting there going, "ugh." you've abandoned the utensils. you ordered, like, a koala. you may as well eat like one. you're just, like… he's talking. you can't focus 'cause you're starving, right? he's yapping. you're just, like… you finished your lettuce. there's no more watercress on the plate. you're just… you pull one… you're looking at his food. you're, like, "what's that over there? fry." talking, talking. you can't focus. you can't focus. you're not getting any nutrients to your brain. you're just kind of staring out the window, wondering what birds taste like. you're just, like… you finished your lemon wedge, like, an hour ago. he's still eating. he's still talking. and you're… you're starting to get cold now. you're not getting any nutrition into your bloodstream. your spine is sticking out. you're shivering. you start… you're like a lost puppy. you start saying things that you don't mean. he's yapping. you start just saying things, like, "i would love to spend the afternoon with your mother. "that sounds great. and no, i totally cared "about that whole replacement refs thing. it really rocked my world as well." once you're in a relationship, you can eat the way you want to. once he loves you, you can roll out a trough at mealtime. it doesn't matter. you can put your hands behind your back, county fair pie-eating-contest-style. "i love you. is that the house cat?" yeah, you can let it all hang out when he loves you. then, you can show him how you eat. once you're in love, you can show him the 12-foot man-eating lizard you actually are. your eyes light up red. vwoom, vwoom. "let's get cheesecake." "oh, cool, sweetheart. you wanna share a piece of cheesecake?" "uh-uh." tail swipe. "get your own." "all right, sweetheart. dinner's over. did you get enough to eat?" i love when they ask that 'cause i've always wanted to give this answer. "did you get enough to eat?" "uh-uh." "why? what else do you want?" "your soul! fire!" can i ask you… can i ask you a question? does this tail make my butt look big? girls love eating. we do. we were the first ones to make it fun. hello? apple? garden of eden. mm-hmm.

girls love to eat. i saw a bachelorette party take down a live buffalo at 35 miles an hour off the freeway. it was magnificent. the girls ran alongside it. like, "stacy put your veil over his snout." you ever tried to get a group of drunk girls to walk from a bar to a restaurant? it's like herding drunk, retarded sheep. first of all, yes, i love being a woman. we're amazing. i love beyonce. but we have no idea where we're going. okay? we're walking around. all we know is that we got little sheep hooves on and we're freezing because no one brought a jacket. just walking forever, no clue. "i'm cold. i'm cold." "why didn't you bring a jacket?" "'cause i'm in my 20s and i'm stupid." "i'm cold." "i have to pee. i'm cold." "i have to pee. i don't have solutions. just more problems." everybody's got that one girlfriend that's a little filthy. she has no issue with peeing behind a dumpster. it holds everyone up. you're all trying to walk and she's back there. she's, like… "you guys!" "wa-a-a-ait." "wait, no, make sure nobody's watching." you're sitting there running interference for your friend, like, "don't look at her sheep vagina. just mine." i promise you nobody's watching. i promise you. i promise you no guy is driving by, like, "ugh, well, tonight really sucks. "and i…" "whoa." "is that a drunk girl peeing on hot garbage?" "that's awesome." "oh, what am i doing? i got to get to the craft store." oh. so she's… she's done peeing. you're all wandering. now, you're into the second hour. you're still drunk somehow. you're cold, you're hungry, and you… everybody's got that one girlfriend that has a poor moral barometer. she'll get in a car with any guy… as long as it looks warm. and she'll rationalize why he's not a rapist based solely on the way that he's dressed. every girl's had to do this, right? you have to make these, like, game-time decisions. you're, like, "he's not gonna rape me. he's wearing nike dunks." "guys, come over here." your friend goes over to the guy. she bends down like a streetwalker. she's, like, "hi, what's your name? "todd? oh, that's a fun name. "that's a really exotic name. oh, you'll give us a ride? okay, that's really fun. my name is crystal." "nice to meet you. "hold on a second. you guys! he's gonna give us a ride." "he's gonna give us a ride." "do you wanna go with him?" your friends know better. they're on the other side of the street huddled together, like, "crystal, get away." "we're not… get… he's not…" crystal's stupid, and she's already… she's, like, "hold on one second. "thank you so much. i really like your chin strap. it's really attractive." "hold on one second. hold on. "let me… you guys! "he's gonna give us a ride. "like, do you wanna just keep walking? sarah, you're being a bitch." "you are… like, we talked about this earlier "when you were in the bathroom. "you're being… this is, like, what we talked about. "you're being a… do you not wanna… "you don't wanna go with him? "you guy… hold on one second. "thank you so much. hold on one… "okay, hold on. hold on a sec. "you guys, he's gonna give us… he's being nice. "stop it. stop it. he's not… he's not… he's not gonna rape us." "he's not gonna rape us." you have to whisper the rape part. just in case that was his intention, you don't want to offend him ahead of time. god forbid you offend him and he leaves. oh, no. then what? "he's not gonna rape us. he's wearing skechers." that's fair.

now, you're into hour three. you didn't take the ride from chin strap. so you're walking. you're cold. no one knows where they're going 'cause you're all relying on girl gps. for those of you that don't know, girl gps pretty much consists of one girl doing this: "um…" "i feel like it's this way." girls, when you get drunk, who are you most likely to pick a fight with? your boyfriend. do you wanna know why? 'cause you know he's not gonna hit you back. every girl in here knows that your boyfriend will take a healthy dose of your drunk ranting. why? 'cause at the end of the night when you're all tuckered out, he's gonna want to mouth-kiss you and touch your snootch, that's why. i hate to tell you it's why they do everything. it's why they put up with your attitude. it's why they buy you expensive drinks. it's why they let you make them turn the game off so you can show them what you did on pinterest. okay? for snootches. "steve, come here. come look at this. "no, like, off. like, turn it off. "don't p… just, like, shut it off. "i wanna show you something. come here. come here. come here." "look, look what i have. look what i pinned. "look at this. it's an entire wedding made of cheese." "it can be our wedding." "steven?" i call it a "snootch" 'cause i don't like the word "vagina." no one says "vagina." like, no one says that. that's weird. no one here has ever been hooking up with someone and been, like, "this feels great. continue to touch my vagina." vagina? what? a vagina sounds like an indian casino. "this weekend at vagina…" "wayne newton at vagina." i made up "snootch" 'cause it's so cute-sounding. snootch. snootch. maybe it would be, like, a cartoon character. maybe it would be, like, a cute, tiny, furry… obviously… character. it's got a little top hat. and maybe before you have sex, you have to summon snootch so he can bless the whole thing. yeah, that's what you have to do. you're having… you're about to have sex. you have to get out a snootch flute which you have to preorder. you have to order them online. it's a… it's a dot-gov site. you pull it out. you're, like, "you ready to have sex?" "sure, let's… let's… let's summon snootch." "doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo. snootch!" "hi, folks." "hi, snootch. "we were just about to have sex. do we have your blessing?" "well, you surely do. "it was nice meeting both of you, "but i better be on my way. "doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo. snootch!" so cute. i made up "snootch" 'cause i don't like the p-word. i don't like saying it. it's not a lady word. pussy. if i got to say it, there's gonna be an involuntary facial spasm that comes with it. you should know that. i will ruin any sort of moment we have going in the bedroom. "all right, babe. this is great. tell me where you want me to put it." "i'll say it, but you're not gonna like it." "come on. where do you want me to put it?" "why don't you put it in my pussy!" "i can't." "what'd you say?" "nothing. i'm fine, i'm fine." "all right. let's do this." "great." "all right, come on. "let's get back to it. all right, where do you want me to put it?" "why don't you put it in my pussy!" "no!" it's not a lady word. ladies don't say that word. like, growing up, did your mom ever say, "pussy, you need to shower?" no, she didn't, right? no, and if she did, then your mom was white trash. it's not a lady word. it's not a word that women hear independent of men. most women don't hear that word, like, in professional ether. no woman's laying there at the gynecologist. doctor walks in, he's, like… "what's up?" "how's it hangin'? all right, let's see. pussy checks out all right." "great tits, by the way. good hustle. get outta here." it's… it's a guy word. i don't care that guys say it. boys are gross, and that's why we love them, okay? but that's a guy thing. that's what guys say in the locker rooms with… with… with all their grossness. i'd imagine they go to the locker room after a rousing game of touch softball, and they talk about the p-word. "hey, what's up? what's up, bro? "what's up? did you get any… did you get any pussy last night?" "yeah, a whole bucket." i don't know how you quantify it. i don't know if it goes bucket, mug, ramekin. i don't know. but that's what guys do in the locker rooms with the butt slaps and the sword fighting. that's what they do. we know about that. we know you do weird things with each other with your wieners 'cause you do weird things with us, and you're trying to impress us. so i can only imagine what creepiness goes on behind closed doors. i've seen it firsthand. every girl has.

every girl's had that boyfriend where you're sitting on the bed in your target underwear waiting. he comes out of the bathroom naked except for a t-shirt. no bottoms, donald ducking it the whole way. he's got this grin on his face. and he's just, like, "hey, babe. babe, check this out." why are you doing that? on behalf of all women, why? it's never gonna change a girl's mind, ever. you are not helping yourself. no woman, i promise you, ever… you're sitting there doing that like a circus monkey, no girl is gonna turn around, like… "my, my, my." "you know what's crazy? "um… "i didn't want to have sex with you before. "but now… "now that you've displayed the agility…" "of your flaccid penis… "as it slaps in rhythmic repetition… "against either one "of your clearly never-seen-by-the-sun thighs, now, snootch time."

in closing, i would… in closing, i would like to give the girls in this room a bit of advice, okay? i have a tip for you, but just the tip. ladies, never order a lobster on a date. the lobster is the most expensive thing on the menu, okay? so just know that if you order and consume a lobster, you have to touch your date's weiner. you have to, okay? it's like a sexual contract from the sea. it's binding. now, keep in mind he wants you to get the lobster. he's not gonna make you get it, but he's hoping you'll come to that conclusion on your own. he's hoping you'll be flipping through the menu, and you'll be, like, "i don't know what to get. "like, i'm just… i don't know. i'm eating fresh this week. "i'm eating a lot of fresh things. "that's my new thing, fresh. i'm just gonna do fresh food." "lobster? "should i… should i get it? should i get it? "should i get the lobster? "should i crack it open on my head like an otter, "eat it off my chest? lobster?" "yeah, 'cause then, it's weiner time this sunday at vagina." here's how it's gonna go down, okay? you're gonna be making out later. and now, guys, this is for you to know. just so you know, as girls, we like to make out with you when we first meet you. we like to make out with you a couple times and then leave right when you think we're gonna sleep with you, okay? we do it to make sure that you like us. but if you want to know the truth, they teach us this shit in high school. while you were off building a birdhouse in shop class, we were off learning how to be annoying. here's how it happens. you're gonna be making out. and you'll notice that when a girl makes out with you and leaves you, we always leave in a very sweet way because we want you to have a nice impression of us for later, right? so it's always, like, "okay, well, i gotta go. bye." no, you didn't. no. "bye. i love you too. stop it." it's always very sweet, right? i've gone as far as to sometimes bring a little thing of vanilla body spray. and when he gets up to go to the bathroom, i spray it on his pillow. that way, later, when he texts me, he's like, "oh, my god. my pillow still smells like you." i'm like, "that's amazing." "i don't know why." you can get creative with it. you can take a handful of glitter on your date. and then after you're leaving, just be, like, "okay, i gotta go." "bye." you can bring a smoke bomb… and then, like, still be standing there 'cause you don't know magic.

girls always leave in a sweet way. we never leave in a huff. it's never, like, "well, i got mine. eat my shit later, fuck-tard." never doing that. so we're gonna be making out later. and here's how it's gonna go. we're gonna be making out, okay? so this is making out, okay? i'm 12, this is what making out looks like. and the guy's gonna be, like, "oh, i like making out with you so much." "i like making out with you." "tonight was so fun." "it was really fun." "you're so hot." "i know." "this is so fun. i really like you. you're so pretty." "i know, this is great. i am pretty." "oh, i like you a lot. so you wanna keep going?" girls, that's your cue. "all right, well, i gotta go." "what?" "i gotta go, bye." "later." and the guy is gonna try to get you to stay, right? as he should. you can't just walk out of a spider's web. "you're really gonna go? come on. come on. "amber. you really gonna go? you really gonna go?" "really gonna go?" "really just go? you're just gonna go? huh?" "you're just gonna leave it like this?" "i'm sorry. "were we in the middle of open heart surgery? "i'm pretty sure you're fine. "yeah. "i'm not a doctor per se, but i'm fairly confident "that blood will return to your system. walk it off, champ." that might sound harsh, but it took ten years of me dating to learn that a boner isn't a medical condition. so i'm paying you back right now. now, he's pissed, mostly because he has a raging erection and you called him "champ." now, he's mad. "really? you're gonna go? that's messed up. that's messed up!" "it's messed up, amber. you're just gonna go. "let me… just gonna go? "it's funny. it's funny. "you're just gonna go 'cause, uh… huh. i distinctly remember i bought you a lobster." the man's right. time to pay the piper. girls, you do not have to sleep with him. it's just a crustacean. that's ridiculous, all right? but you got to give him something. i-i suggest a beej. that's what i suggest. that's proper. don't do a hand job. that's ridiculous. that's child's play. hand job? a handy? really? as a grown woman, you're not doing a hand job, okay? if you voted, you're not doing a hand job. let's send some hand jobs overseas to china. not doing a hand job. a hand job, who does… that's what kids do when you're, like, a teenager. you do a hand job. you put on your promise ring. you revel in your virginity for the next 10 to 15 years depending on your involvement with comic books. that's what a hand job is for. as an adult, it's not happening. it's an intermediary step in a sexual evolution that you've evolved past, okay? it's like a tail… necessary at one point for balance, but if you busted it out at a house party, people would be, like, weirded out.

i was out with a guy one time who i wasn't even into. i didn't want to do anything. and he didn't buy me a lobster. and i was… i explained everything. and after talking to him, he's like, "i'd like a hand job." "i think it sounds great." and i guess i was frustrated 'cause he hadn't been listening to me or my feelings. and i was like, "all right. "i'll tell you what, son. "i'm gonna give you a hand job. but it's gonna be on my terms." "45 minutes long…" "no lotion…" "and you don't break eye contact. go!" what kills me is that you get that i'm kidding. he did not. i swear to god he goes, "aw, no lotion?" "that doesn't sound fun." like the 45-minute part is tolerable? "iliza, come on. you gotta do something. you gotta give me lotion or do something cute." it threw me off that he said "cute" because that's not an adjective i believe belongs anywhere near an h.j. it sounded creepy in a way. i was like, "what do you mean 'cute'? "what… what's cute? what do you want? what do you want, kitten paws?" it's probably how that one cat lost his eye. you guys are fantastic. thank you so much for coming out.

chicago! thank you! thank you for having me. i'd like to discuss something with you. there are two kinds of hungover. there's the kind of hungover where you wake up the next morning and you're like, "what? i touched his penis over his jeans? it's okay, i'm sassy." and then… there's the kind of hungover where whatever happened the night before wasn't even your fault. because you weren't mentally present for any of it. for 'twas not you that was is charge. 'twas your party goblin! yeah. just so you know, your party goblin sleeps in the back of your brain. for those of you that are unfamiliar with my work, she sleeps in the back of your brain – and she waits… – on a pile of rags… and regrets… and old tiger beat magazines. she waits! for the perfect opportunity. she's back there in your brain, sleeping her goblin sleep, just… channing tatum, stick of butter. and she will awaken… when she hears you say… "i guess i'll just come out for one drink." "i'll just come out for one because i have to be up early." eat that sandwich out of the garbage and text your ex-boyfriend that you love him then turn your phone off! and by the way, there is zero culpability on the part of your party goblin. she's not there the next morning like, "oh, my god, are you okay? do you need pedialyte?" no! she doesn't give a fuck. she straight up ghosts at, like, 3:00 a.m. when you're shit-faced in the back of an uber, right? you scooped yourself into the back of this car. your crowing achievement of the evening is that you didn't die. and we've all had that moment. anybody that's been out drinking, you've been out, it's been loud, there's been yelling, dancing, you stole an ambulance, it's been a crazy night. we've all had that moment of solitary drunken serenity where you get in the back of the car and you shut the door and for the first time all night it's quiet. and you think, "oh, my god, i made it." followed by, "i'm gonna throw up." and the car is going, you're like, "oh, fuck!" you're trying to hold it in, right? you roll the window down. you're like, "agh! it's too much air!" you roll the window back up. you're like, "too much me!" you crack the window. you're like, "no!" the vomit's coming up. it's right here, like a1 steak sauce, it gets you here. you're like, "uhh!" you're trying to focus on anything to distract you. you're listening to the radio. for the first time ever, you're paying attention to the words of a pitbull song. you're like… ' uno, dos, tres… ' we get it! we get it! you look at party goblin, she's loving it. she's got her head out her window like…

and you know it's your party goblin that got you by the manner in which you wake up the next morning. if you wake up. if you wake up, chicago. you wake up… when party goblin gets you, you wake up on your couch. beds are for closers. you wake up on your couch, okay? you ever pass out on a pillow so hard, you get a cushion scar down the side of your face? and you wake up, no idea where you are, no idea where you were. you check your wrist, it's just a dirty patchwork of entry stamps. putting the pieces together from the night before is like the plot from memento. no idea. you check your instagram feed, it's a blurry feed of pictures you took of your own face from this angle. it's just me and three girls in a bathroom in east la like, "squad goals." who the fuck are they? i don't know, but i think i'm in the gang now, right? no idea what you did the night before. we… i… you know when party goblin gets you by the amount that you sleep. i slept for 15 hours the other day. i slept so long, my muscles atrophied. okay? i turned to fucking stone. you ever pass out with your full body weight on your hands, like… no blood in, no blood out. your hands are just purple, bloated flippers. i slept so long, i almost died. like, there was a point at around 4:00 p.m. where my soul was like, "should i just go?"

there's different kinds of drunk. some people think they get smarter when they're drunk, some people wanna talk. the latin phrase is in vino veritas, which means, "in wine, there's truth," which is why when girls get drunk, we're always like, "can i just tell you a secret?" "i don't have a neck." i don't really make a lot of drunk mistakes but i worry when i make dumb decisions when i'm drunk for this simple fact. in my group of friends, i'm the alpha. i decide what we do. obviously. i pick the restaurants, i pick the bars, mostly because no one cares, but i am the decision-maker. and what worries me is, if i'm doing stupid shit when i'm drunk, what hope do the sheep who i lead have… if that's my example? so this is the story of one such night. so, we were out the other night and we were shit-canned. like, the kind of drunk where you can't even read. and then you realize it's because… you're in china town. actually, you know you're fucked up when you're in china town and you can read. ohhh! ancient secrets, not so hidden. so… we're drunk and we're walking through china town and we walk into a bar. i'm reticent to say that it's a club because i'm 33, but there was a dance floor, a dj and i had on a little body glitter, okay!

you're probably wondering, "why are you wearing body glitter?" i will tell you, chicago. because my date was late to pick me up. gentlemen! you need to know this about women. when we get ready, we have a list of things we do to reach our most attractive point. there is an apex, nay, a pinnacle of beauty… that women reach when they're getting ready. and every minute you're late to get us is one more minute we spend doubting ourselves, dicking with our makeup, and we get incrementally uglier… as time goes on. one time, my date was an hour late, i grew a tail. this guy was only 30 minutes late, thank god. he walks in, i'm on the ground, there's caboodle shrapnel everywhere. i've got a wet n wild lip gloss wand, i'm like, "i'm a pretty girl!" "save yourself." but what happens is, we have time, so we start to add things, doubt ourselves. that's where i found that glitter. "he's not here. what's this?" in hindsight, it wasn't body glitter, it was straight-up craft glitter. but i was like, "i'm gonna put it on my face, make it dainty." do you ever feel that? do you ever feel that you can make something work? do you ever feel that because you're not trashy, you can pull off doing something that's trashy? you're like, "i can wear fishnet stockings, i went to stanford." like it's okay for some reason. that's how i felt about that body glitter. i was like, "i'll just do a little bit. i'll do a classy amount. i'm just gonna do a little bit." fun fact, you know what body glitter up close looks like? conjunctivitis. like, real up close. "i'll do a little." five minutes later, "maybe just highlight the orbital rim. that way when we're dancing, the light will hit it and it'll be like, 'bing, anime! ah!' keep going. keep going." five more minutes later, "maybe i'll bring a little bit down here and highlight the jawbone so he knows i, what, come from good chewing stock?" five more minutes later, sparkle fish! so now… i look like a goddamn road flare and we're in public.

so… we walk into this bar and one of the difficult parts about being a woman, besides everything, is that… it's really hard. is that you're constantly battling with yourself. in the long run, we're battling our weight, hair color, wrinkles. minute to minute, it's just an adjustment of your hair and your bra and your underwear and your makeup and your mustache, braid it, bead it, set it. you're always doing something. because if one thing is off, then the night is ruined, scott, okay? one time, i left my house without mascara on. i did a u-turn on a four-lane highway. like, "no!" "they will see the whites of my eyes!" everything has to be perfect. and guys, it's exhausting. it's exhausting being a girl. did you know, fun scientific fact that i made up on the way here, that women get four minutes out of every night, four minutes out of every night where our brain sends a message to our body saying, "everything's okay, stop messing with it"? four minutes out of every night where your brain sends a message to your body like, "homeostasis achieved." you're like… and the rest of the time, it's just mayhem! everything has to be perfect.

so, we walk into this bar, my first thought… "i gotta fix my lip liner. now!" i'm not even a big lip liner wearer, but in that moment, 'twas everything. in that moment, i believed fixing my lip liner is what stood between me and eternal happiness, okay? i had to take a liner, i had to find my liner and line my chola lips, okay? that's what i had to do. so glad that got a response. in north carolina, nothing. okay. had to fix my lip liner, had to be right then. to the gentlemen in the room, i don't expect you to understand the urgency with which i had to fix my lip liner. the only thing i could liken it to in male culture is, like… when you feel you have to adjust your balls. similar immediacy. as we've seen, unfortunately. when you feel that's gotta happen, it's gotta happen now! go! go! go! in front of children, christmas eve, family portrait, messing with my dick. ' messing with my dick in public ' wahoo! ' it's a dick puzzle and i'm solving it now ' ' maximum comfort at any cost ' ' this is my right, nancy, get off my back ' so… so many guys right now have to adjust. they're like, "i'm not gonna do it!" i believe that's what elvis was doing. makes sense. needed my liner. now you understand that i needed it, guys, okay? needed the fucking liner. that means i had to find the liner in my bag. however, i had a big bag.

there's a very specific way that women will search for something when we have a big bag. what do you do? you take a designated search claw… and you plunge it. never breaking eye contact with your prey, i mean your date. notice i haven't blinked, chicago. dedication acting. the constant eye contact being a reminder that, yes, i can multitask and keep talking. i'll make a great partner. marry me. meanwhile, to the outside world, it looks like you're wrestling with a very small bass. if you're a pro, you keep conversation moving. still haven't blinked. if you're a pro, you keep conversation moving. "i'm listening. keep talking. keep talking. i can look and listen. say fanduel one more time, motherfucker. i'm listening." you're digging around in there. meanwhile, as a woman, you're having to come to terms with the seventh layer of hell that is the bottom of your bag. it's just a graveyard of dismembered pens, there's coins. why is there always a nature's valley granola bar crumbled… at the bottom? you stick your hand down, you come up with oats between your fingernails. you're like, "ow! ow!" digging around. a gym lock, a phone charger, a concealer without its lid. why? why can't we make them with retractable lids that don't break off? because you stick your hand down there, unknowingly you come up with one creamy finger. you're like, "no!" "no!" but it was expensive, so you're like, "no!" so now you look amazing. keep looking, keep looking. bits of paper. a sock. keep looking. tampon out of its wrapper. maybe i keep it. no, i'll get sick. digging around. if it's out of the wrapper, don't keep it. sometimes it's like, "i'll just…" don't blow on it and… you're gonna get dysentery, you'll never finish the oregon trail. seven or eight seconds go by, i cannot find my lip liner. seven or eight seconds go by, which in girl years is, like, forever, i cannot find my lip liner. so, what's a logical thing to do? maybe use the other hand to add to the search, right? to aid in the excavation. maybe get a cellular device to illuminate the situation. not me! i dropped to my knees on a dance floor, dumped out the bag and start sifting through it like helen keller learning how to spell water. fun fact. girls, if you wanna let people around you know that you're absolutely not on the same mental playing field as them, a great way to do it, i found, is to dump our personal property onto a shared communal space, because that immediately lets other bar-goers know, "i don't give a fuck!" "where is it?" this body language, this body language, this feral-raccoon-like body language… was enough to alert the door guy. you're a door guy at a busy nightclub, you've got a lot to deal with. however, he found my witch over a cauldron behavior… threatening enough to leave his post, flashlight in hand, and walk up to me. he was a big guy. he was, like, six-eight, black guy, good-looking. i had to say he was good-looking. because i said he was black. seems to be the face of thinly-veiled political correctness in our country, if you say someone's color, other than white, you must assign them an accolade, deserved or otherwise, to prove that you're not racist, when in the first place, i wasn't fucking racist, i was giving you an accurate depiction of the events that transpired. i didn't see his face! dude had a flashlight in my eye! i can tell you this much. black, white or other, there's no way he was hot. he's six-eight. they get weird-looking after a certain height, okay? structurally, it gets weird. okay. i am not wrong. 'iamnotwrong okay, so… it's true. there's no hot giants. so he shreks up to me… and i feel his presence and i see the ball of light and i hear his voice and he goes, "everything a'ight over here?" fucking no, dude, everything is most definitely not a'ight. i'm on the floor. i don't exist on this plane. fun fact about being on the floor. as an adult, when you choose to take it to this place, you lose all credibility. nobody wants to hear the prerogative of someone on the floor. if you have to crane your neck up to explain yourself, you are fucked, okay? you don't believe me? you ever tried to get the life story of someone sitting on a curb? no. because they were sitting on a fucking curb and you didn't wanna talk to them. they were someone who's drunk, on a lot of meth or like a really pissed off bridesmaid just waiting for the service to be over. but now i'm on the floor and i'm nervous because that's an authority figure and in my head i'm like, "oh, fuck, i'm gonna go a bar jail." "what if they repossess my wedges?" but i was drunk and in my head i'm like, "it's cool. be smart. explain what you're doing. whatever you do, iliza, just sound intelligent." instead, what came out of my mouth was, "i gotta find my lip liner, man!" and… what i feel he understood, nay respected, nay… neigh. resonated with wasn't that i had to find my lip liner. what i feel he understood was the sheer amount of white-girl crazy… coming out from behind my eye. because he then gave me the international verbal sign for, "i respect you and fear you, i'm going to back off," which is… "a'ight, then." and he just walked away. i never found my lip liner. it was, like, in my other bag. i didn't like that experience. i didn't like being on the floor. and i didn't like being on the floor for a very specific reason. as a woman, i didn't need a reminder of how vulnerable women are on a day-to-day basis. being on the floor, it's a very vulnerable place. i didn't need that reminder. and women in our society are vulnerable by virtue of the fact that we are physically not as strong as men. that's the root of the issue, that's the root of the oppression. and that's the root of oppression of any side of war throughout history. one side was stronger, they get to make the rules. do you think for a second that if women were physically stronger than men we would've waited for the right to vote? it's 1910, some jacked-up housewife is just putting up weight in her garage. she's got a shaker of horse testosterone and creatine. her little husband comes in, he's like, "you're not voting." she'd be like… "out of the way, jedediah." "mama's going to the polls."

it's physical strength, that's the root of the issue. physical strength. and they try to placate women. they try to tell us we're other types of strong. sure. but none that matter as much as physical strength. "well, you're a woman, so… mentally strong." mentally strong. you put up with him all day, huh?" pfft! mentally strong. mentally strong? what do i do with that? mentally strong. what do i do when a rapist runs at me? math? it's physical strength. physical strength is what counts when it comes to protecting yourself and women are only naturally physically super-human strong when it comes to two things. the first is a recent one, and that's crossfit, which… it's enough, by the way. it's a cult. okay? it's insane. it goes… scientology, crossfit, people without celiac disease that don't eat gluten. it's a cult, okay? it's enough. "i can deadlift 600 pounds." cool. what starbucks do you work at? what are you… guard a village. join up. what are you doing with that muscle, all the horse meat? the workouts that they're doing, it's all snake oil, i believe, okay? push-ups, sit-ups, pull-ups, the foundations of a military workout, these are applicable in the rest of your life. instead, they've got a father of six at 7 a.m. flipping a monster truck tire? why? when do you need that? when do you need to know the form for that? what post-apocalyptic gorilla playground… are you gonna find yourself in? why don't we give you an empty suitcase to throw around your cage, peaches? and the rope thing. there are other ways to build up your pectoral muscles. men have been doing it for centuries. instead they've got you using a rope. when are you gonna use that? "timmy's stuck down by the dock under some boat rope!" "i got it!" and the only time that women are naturally, exceptionally physically strong is when it comes to childbirth. and that's amazing. yes. it'd be amazing if those were all men with, like, really high-pitched voices. it's an amazing amount of super-human strength that unfairly women only get to tap into when they're having a baby. you only get to tap into that super-human strength once, maybe twice a year, but that second baby's gonna be very tiny. you only get to use it then. that's a disproportionate amount of strength. mother nature is playing a cruel joke on us. do you know how many pounds of pressure per square snootch inch it takes to deliver a baby? we're not even using our hands! you're like python-like digesting a goat. "get out of there!" using fucking grit and rage and, like, a mother's love, but just, "aghh!" sparta! just fucking going. you can do that with your body, yet the rest of the year, we have trouble not doing push-ups on our knees. that doesn't seem fair. we're only exceptionally strong when it comes to children. we have something called mama bear strength. so that means when your child is in danger, your child, someone else's child, "sorry, junior." your child… "lift the piano off your legs yourself, okay, i'm not your mama." when your child is in danger, in that moment, through adrenaline, you can develop super-human strength and save the baby. so if your child is trapped under a car, you can go ahead and flip that buick like an orangutan, no problem. yet if you're a single girl walking alone on a saturday night and some maniac runs at you, what's your defense? like, "no, two plus two is four." we're millennials, we'd probably use our phone calculators.

that's why sexual harassment is such a big deal. it really has less to do with the disgusting thing a man feels he has the right to yell at you out of van or a truck. never out of a civic for some reason. but for the girls that might not know, you can wear whatever you want. it doesn't give someone the right to treat you like an animal. you can wear whatever you want. you can leave the house out naked. you will go to jail, but you can do whatever you want. but it has less to do with what a man is yelling at you, and nobody wants to say this, but i will, what it has to do with is the underlying notion that if that man wanted to act on it, he could. and if you don't believe me, every girl knows what it's like, a guy yells something disgusting at you, and because you're strong, you yell back. he's like, "nice tits." you're like, "fuck off!" immediately followed by, "what if he kills me?" like, there's that moment. hoping to god that your bark was big enough that you don't have to take a lady bite. being sexually harassed is the worst. i'm sorry, let me rephrase that. being sexually harassed by an ugly guy is the worst. if he's hot, it's just plain old flirting. no one's ever been like, "get away from me, you model!" that's fine. it has to do also with an unrequited, uninvited sexual energy. and women are very aware of that. every woman in here knows what it feels like to have a guy's eyes on you when you find him attractive. it's the best feeling. when you see hot guys and you walk by, you're like, "hope they're looking at my butt. i feel so good about my little haunches." when the dudes are gross and you walk by, you're like, "please don't look at my butt, please don't look at my butt." having someone sexually harass you, it's their energy on you. it feels like you're getting shot with a dick gun. that's what it feels like. minding your own business, like, "i love being an independent woman." "nice tits!" "agh!" aw, he got a boner for free. women have to think about these things. it's hard being a girl. i haven't been a guy in, like, a while, but it is difficult. and we're constantly questioning ourselves and we're constantly being told that what we feel is wrong and how we look is wrong. and we tell it to little girls and it sticks with us. take a man and a woman shopping. nothing will fit because fashion is the enemy, for sure. but nothing will fit the woman for negative reasons and nothing will fit the guy for positive reasons. take a woman shopping, "nothing fits, my arms are fat, my thighs are big, i'm fucking gross, i hate my body." take a guy shopping, an average man of average build, five-ten, 170, "nah, i can't buy off the rack because my shoulders are so abnormally broad. i'm tall. for my height, my waist tapers at such an adonis-like angle." my dick is so girthy, i can only wear jncos." "it's hard for me." these are good things. women are told to change. it's okay if men are the same. that's why we have stereotypes. that's why you've got the stereotype of your grandpa, "i sit in my chair, i drink my beer, i've got the remote, i fought in korea, don't fucking talk to me," right? "i'm not moving, you move!" women aren't like that, right? what do women do? "i'm taking a class." love classes. "i'm learning more about cheryl." "i'm meeting cindy for the first time." there's two women in this monologue. i'm two different women, it's fine. "i'm learning to breathe. i'm getting a sense of myself. i'm canning. i'm canning my own beets." for no reason. i live in the middle of a city. i just thought i wanted to connect. i'm canning my own shit now. i take it, put it in there, i let it solidify, i make jewelry, i sell it on etsy. it's nice pocket money." "i'm learning about myself. i'm learning to breathe. i'm cutting my own hair." "i'm learning to make my own tea, putting the hair in the tea, i drink my hair." changing. we always wanna change a little bit, right? always wanna lose a little bit of weight. no matter what your body looks like. "i just wanna lose, like, five pounds." we think that's the answer. "just wanna lose, like, five pounds." "just wanna lose, like, five pounds before lunch." "so i can have more lunch." because we think being skinny is the answer, right? it's not even enough to be skinny, is it? it's not even enough to be thin, is it? you have to be the thinnest out of your friends, who you hate. you don't believe me? look at any instagram picture of more than four women. it's a fucking pose-off. dudes don't care. they'll turn around like gorillas mid-meal. "take the picture, i don't care. fucking…" girls, it's like a mr. universe, like, "fucking line up! line up! make it pointy! concave! make it fucking pointy! kisses. neck vein. look at the motherfucking neck vein. hamstring. happy birthday, stacey." it's not enough to just be thin, right? you wanna be the kind of thin where your friends… are worried for you. so thin. horrible looking. stalking around gap kids. "i wear a youth large, thank you." right? fucking femur for days. right? mr. peanut legs coming out six seconds ahead of you. like an r. crumb comic book thinner, right? just walking around, baby stegosaurus spine. clothes hanging like moss off a willow tree. a fucking clavicle you can serve soup out of. yeah! so happy! i like my body, but i always… everybody wants to change something, right? i just wanted have shoulders that were so frail and tiny, little bird shoulders. do they even have shoulders? no, it's just… that's what i want, i want no shoulders. i want the kind of shoulders where my bra strap just falls down. just floppy hair. "ohh. whoops." men love it. they love it. they go crazy. one strap… because it's one less thing they gotta do, right? it's not my fault i think that's attractive. you see it on lingerie ads in magazines. the women are on the bed, bra strap. men love vulnerability and that's what that represents. "not me, i like a strong woman." bullshit. vulnerability. "help me. open this jar. please help me." they love it. what does the bra strap down represent? you're not supported. when your tits are flopping around, you can't run away. yeah! i want that. i want that bone structure, right? i wanna have those shoulders. i wanna look like the girl on the cover of the playbill for les mis. just… "oh, monsieur!" it's a ten-year-old french girl. still, i want those bones. they do, men love vulnerability, right? that's why the thin thing is the thing. that's why women are expected to be… you can't have a baby if you're this big. that's why we have to be… garden party. like that kind of thin. because if women are thin, there's no nutrition, so you're cold, you don't leave the house, you don't vote. yeah! that's why every model has that vulnerable look. that's why models look like you uncovered a refugee from under a manhole cover. "ohhh! gucci." they love vulnerability. and we do things to make ourselves vulnerable. strong women are told to tone it down, right? but men are told to toughen up. we don't let men be vulnerable. that's not fair. but i can't help you because i'm a girl and i can only fight one fight at a time. if you wanna come to my green room and cry after, i will… laugh at you. but, no… but we tell strong women to bring it down, right? high heels? why do you wear high heels? so you what? can't run from your attacker. good. smoky eye makeup? why does that make sense? what are you doing? you take the makeup, grind it into your eye. why is that attractive? i figured it out. smoky eye makeup makes you look like you what? just choked on a dick and cried. good. i am not wrong. it's a little off-brand for me. i am not wrong. it's not enough to be thin ever! you gotta be gaunt to the point of extinction. the kind of thin where it's like, "what up, bitches? find me." that kind of thin. maybe i'm being unfair. maybe it's a cultural thing. i can only truly speak from the perspective of what i am. i'm an upper-middle-class white woman. hope i die that way. and the expectation of being thin has been put on us for about 100 years. that's been the look. the like… "uhh, come, have some tea. yes, these jeans are high. that's not weird." we like that look. and that's a hard look to achieve. some women die trying to be thin. and it was only in the last… forty years that women of color and women of other ethnicities rose to prominence and made it socially acceptable, nay attractive, to have the body of a grown woman. jennifer lopez came out of nowhere with the backside of a brontosaurus, like… "que paso?" and it became attractive. and somewhere, with everybody having an agenda in our social conversation, it became okay to tell white girls to their faces, "you're fat. kill yourself." bullying us on facebook. because you're white, so life must be easy. which, i'm not gonna lie, it's great. being white is great. but… it became okay to say that because we are not spicy, right? white women don't have a fire in them. there's not a chili pepper here. inside here is a scoop of breyer's vanilla bean ice cream. and we'll take it. your boyfriend tells you you're fat, we'll be like, "i'm sorry, chad, please don't get out of the kayak." "we're gonna have an afternoon. i brought jenga." you know who has an unshakeable sense of self-esteem? black women. you… yes! you cannot tell a sister on her something isn't working. she won't believe it. try it. say to a black girl, "i don't like those jeans." first of all, i dare you. it will not rattle her for a second. be like, "i don't like those jeans." she'll be like, "bullshit. i see you looking." girls, if you want respect, you're gonna have to take it. it's 2016. let's learn math, let's learn science, let's drop the body issues, okay? don't let anybody make you feel less than. your bodies are perfect as they are. and if you want respect, you have to command respect, not demand it. two totally different things. commanding respect is in the actions, it's the way that we speak about each other, it's the way that you speak about yourself. if your whole agenda is to be sexual, and confusing being sexual with empowerment, and talking about fucking and sex all the time, thinking that that's the reason that women are empowered, you're fucking wrong. it comes with the way you treat yourself. don't call each other whores. don't call each other sluts. because when you do that, society looks at you and they say, "oh, it's okay to talk to women that way." you teach people how to treat you. let's get rid of the phrase "walk of shame." what is that one? what is walk of shame? i don't understand that. i've never had a walk of shame. what could that be? walk of shame. what's there to be shameful about? what's the shame in the fact that he and i went out, we had the same amount of vodka, he got too drunk to get it up, so he passed out, then i used his credit card to buy $100 worth of chinese and stole his golf clubs? walk of shame!

we're starting from behind here, girls, we've gotta say smarter things. from now on… let's make a pact. from now on, i don't wanna hear any more women talk about how they wanna be… mermaids. okay? okay? it's stupid. and i'm not trying to be a bitch, but it's probably not gonna happen for you. okay? literally, you don't have the bone structure. what worries me, i see it a lot and it's not from children, it's grown women, like, "i don't wanna be adult any more. i wanna be a mermaid." you… the amount of escapism that's in that sentence! you wanna move to the woods, you wanna make jam, fine. at least you're still paying taxes. you wanna be a mermaid? that means all of your achievements in life are gonna lead to you being a fictional fuck toy for a horny sailor. that's what you want? that's what mermaids are! read a book! because i see it a lot. t-shirts, right? "i am a mermaid." "yo soy mermaid." "je suis mermaid." let's discuss the logistics… of being a mermaid, so that you have the information. if and when the job opportunity presents itself on linkedin… you can make an informed decision, okay? if you are a mermaid, you don't sleep. girls are like, "oh, my god, i love sleeping." "none for you. just swim." it's chugging mountain dew code red. there are no beds, but there is mountain dew code red. you're some white-trash jacked-up mermaid just swimming, swimming. and by the way, you don't have fins. remember, you're half-human. so you've got arms. you've got these thick-ass traps, just swimming. you can't stop swimming, because if you do, something will try to eat you, fuck you or kill you, okay? it's not dissimilar to being a woman in a downtown area. so just swimming, swimming. now, you're swimming all day, you're probably pretty hungry, right? how are you gonna catch food? remember, you're half-human. we don't have animal-catching accoutrements, like claws and tentacles and lasers. we don't have those kind of things. we have big brains. so i don't know what you're gonna do. maybe talk a crab to death. like, "excuse me. excuse me." i was thinking of double majoring in psychology and communications. excuse me. excuse me. are you a cancer?" so now… you're hungry, you're tired, you're like, "i don't care because i'm gonna lay on the beach like a mermaid." no, you won't. sailors are gonna try to fuck you and the japanese will definitely try to eat you just for funsies, okay? you're swimming around like, "i don't care because i'll have long, flowing hair." no, you won't. you ever go in the ocean? you guys aren't on an ocean, you're on a lake. you're a lake mermaid? what are you, half trout? kill yourself. ohh! freshwater mermaid? what if you got, like, the weird end of the genetic pool and you were half turtle? no tail but just half… "long flowing mermaid hair." you're not gonna have that. you ever go in the water when there's waves? you won't have long flowing hair. you're going to have one giant mer-dread. and it's just gonna follow you. it's just one big old mer-lock and it's getting caught on propellers, it's getting caught on anchors. there's sea lice living in your mer-dread because that's a warm, hospitable environment. then there's fish feeding off those sea lice. there's an entire sustainable maritime ecosystem attached to your fucking head. you drag it around. sea lice are nipping at your scalp. you gotta get rid of it, right? you're like, "i'll just cut it off." ain't no scissors in the ocean, all right? i don't care what the little mermaid told us because she was a liar and a hoarder. hoarder! we let it go because she was pretty, but she was super-gross. ' look at this stuff, isn't it neat? ' that's a used toothbrush. don't put it in your… ohh! ohh! ohh! you're gonna get sick! still gotta get rid of that mer-dread because it's a hazard, so what do you do? you have to get another fish to help you. you have to do what they do in the animal kingdom. you must what? you must what? who here took marine biology? you have to what? form a symbiotic relationship with other marine life. good. and have that fish… come in with his fish tooth and just saw off your mer-dread, right? it's gonna be bad-looking. but now, remember, you gotta pay that fish back. that's the nature of a symbiotic relationship, you must reciprocate. how you gonna pay that fish back? you ain't got no money, shell-tits. i hate to say it, but the only thing you have… is fish sex and i don't know if you have a vagina because i'm not an ichthyologist and i don't know how fish work. i should've looked it up before the taping but i'm just trying to tell you some jokes and i think i've done a pretty good job. you know what fish do? they poop. you've got a fish butt. so think about that. so. so now you're swimming around, you're hungry, you're tired, you've got a fucked-up haircut, you're like a little sore, you're like… "i don't care. i'm gonna be a mermaid. i'm gonna swim. because i will swim like a mermaid." let's remember how mermaids allegedly, because they are not real, swim. they swim… like dolphins. hey, ladies, do you love ab day at the gym? well, that's your fucking life, sister! "37. 38." just trying to get through. your entire existence is that of an r. kelly backup dancer. just swimming through the nineties. so, you can be a mermaid or you can always get a job in front of a used car dealership. no mermaids. we can do better. no mermaids.

i worry for women. i worry for men. i worry for our country. is anybody else really worried for our country? so i'm worried… and by the way, i am very proud to be an american and i love my country very much and i want the best for it. there's no joke, it's just a statement. i love being an american. what i'm scared for… what i'm scared about aren't so much the nightmares clawing at our front and back doors, both politically, foreign, domestic, economical, ecological, whatever. what i'm scared about is the fact that, like, my generation is supposed to be grown-up and mature now. i represent the millennials. perhaps you've seen our instagram pages. yeah, we cheer for ourselves. we're the worst. i will say this as the lorax of my generation, mustache, we… didn't ask to be spoiled. our parents loved us and they gave us everything. that's the job of the generation prior, to give the next generation a better world than they had. so i'm gonna apologize to my grandkids for the radioactive ball of foil and diet coke that they're gonna inherit from us. but that's what the people before you do. and i believe that this wave of entitlement started with our grandparents. our grandparents were called the greatest generation, and i believe that they were. they selflessly gave and they made this country the idea of america that a lot of us miss. white people. the rest of us, it was horrible for most of them. but in general… the main points of it, okay? your grandparents had to fight. they had no choice. grandpa had to fight in world war ii. grandpa was straight-up drizafted, okay? he had no choice. and when he came home from the war, all he wanted to do was have a family, have a job, be a little racist and live the american dream, that's it. he fought, he got right to work. it's not like guys today who'd be like, "oh, i just wanna backpack around oregon and find myself." no! and they're allowed to say that because, whether you like them or not, our military does such a good job of defending us on a day-to-day basis. and i know that tsa blows. but they do such a good job that you're allowed to mentally check out. like, if you don't like the war going on right now, unlike it on facebook. you're allowed to do that. there was no concerted effort. you didn't have to fight. my point is, there was no day we all gathered in our town squares and threw our iphones into the center so the military could use the scrap metal. "what's this? a droid? take it back, freak." we didn't have that. i think it's difficult to conceive of a world where you have to sacrifice so much and to understand what our grandparents did because now they're old, and when you think old, what do you think? cute, right? your grandparents are cute because they're tiny, shrinking. pick them up, put them down, they don't like it, sprinkle water, "get it off me." and the whiter you are, the greater a chance there is that you've developed some weird prerogative kitten-like nickname for your grandfather. oh, it's not grandpa anymore, it's like, "this is my nim-nam." "this is my yippers." "this is my pip-pop." pip-pop doesn't give a fuck. he's like, "i was a prisoner of war for six years, call my pip-pop, i've had worse." "oh, my god, you guys, my pip-pop is so cute. oh, my god, pip-pop, he's so cute, you guys. sometimes at christmas, when pip-pop falls asleep, we like to decorate him with christmas bows. isn't that funny? silly pip-pop." pip-pop's got 53 confirmed kills! don't think for a second pip-pop doesn't remember how to repurpose that christmas bow around your neck to get the intel that he needs out of you. "sit the fuck down, colton, caleb, ashton, crashton, crandon, whatever your fucking hipster name is, sit down!" pip-pop came home from the war and then they had our parents. our parents are called the baby boomers because pip-pop came home from normandy and he was like, "i'm not dead. boom, gladys, let's fuck." and then… the baby boomers, ask your parents, were the first generation that were allowed to be artists on a mass scale. you didn't have to work on your family business, you could take drugs, rock 'n' roll, you could do and be what you wanted to be in the big city.

the baby boomers had generation x. i don't care about them because i'm a millennial. we showed up, got a trophy for breathing and then we invented instagram. what's insane about instagram is this. we use hashtags, right? hashtag, formerly known as the pound sign. she got a makeover. what's weird about a hashtag… is this. the more hashtags there are under a posted picture on instagram, the less likely the last hashtag is gonna have anything to do… with that posted picture. you got more than four hashtags under your picture, you are witnessing a human thought process devolve. by the end, it's just word association. free word association. bunch of people on the beach, fourth of july, right? "fuck, yeah! 'fourthbitches 'fourth 'beachday 'bday 'lndependenceday 'lndependentwoman 'beyonce" yes! "'blessed 'ipaymybills 'bikinibody 'beachbody 'boutthatlife 'dontneedaman 'dontwantaman 'neverhadaman 'sometimestofeelahumanemotion iliketodrinkmyownhair… what? what? what? say something. talking about? and then, because we're so hard on women, we're mean to women when they're proud of their bodies on instagram. we only allow women to post pictures when they're a work in progress, right? "keep it going." if you're ever like, "this is as good as it gets, fucking check it out!" it's like, "you whore. you showy fucking bitch." so instead of empowering women and letting them be proud of themselves, women have to shroud their pride in misdirect hashtags. so you've got a generation of girls proud of their bodies in a bathroom like this, and rather than be like, "'checkoutmybodyimsohappywithmyself," instead she's like, "'checkoutthegroutworkonthesetiles." who's looking at that? i broke up with my boyfriend a couple of months ago. let me ask you a question. have you ever dated someone who is… so pretty… but so stupid? notice, it's girls cheering. all the guys are like, "yeah, i brought her here. keep it moving!" "i don't wanna get in a fight!" so, men can do that. women really can't. and the reasoning isn't because men are dicks, there's nothing like that, it has to do with the wiring of our brains. men are visually stimulated, women, unfortunately, are cerebrally stimulated. men are visual creatures. they have to be attracted to a woman before they can get to know how amazing she is inside. they have to be… a dude will date a popsicle stick if it's got a wig. like, it doesn't matter. that's why it's tough, because you wanna be a feminist, like, "i don't have to get ready for a man," but that's what they're attracted to. just the littlest bit. everybody's got that one girlfriend that's like, "i don't get it. i volunteer and i rescue animals and i'm very sweet." it's like, "yeah, but you're so ugly so you have to… just brush the hair! just, anything! one tooth." you don't have to have it out there. he cannot check out your personality from across the room. that's all i'm saying. no man has ever done that. no man has ever seen a woman who's sitting there nibbling on her nubs with, like, a gill… and walked up and been like, "excuse me, you're hideous, but you look like you might enjoy tom clancy, light nipple play and barbecue. is that true?" and women do stuff to make themselves physically attractive. even if you're not trying that hard, most of the stuff we do is just to get men's attention. shiny hair. why is your hair shiny? it makes you look fertile. thanks, pantene. but that's why. there's no reason to have it shiny other than to get attention. you're not, like, deflecting a car light when you're running. big eyes. "look at me! my lips look like a vagina and my boobs look like a butt and my butt looks like boobs. i'm a mrs. potato head. mate with me!" you may not like it, but i'm not wrong. women are cerebrally stimulated. that's why we say the number one thing we look for in a man is a conversation. "someone i can talk to. sense of humor." i have dated gutter goblins who were just, like, really funny and smart. "i just wanna talk to him. it's sexy. i just want someone i can talk to. at. just sit there and breathe, steve." we need that back and forth. we have to be able to talk. and it's something that we need, and yet we're chastised for it. you ever been called a "chatty cathy"? by an idiot, but still, ever been called that? "a couple of girls just yipping away, huh? she'll talk your ear off. bunch of giblets in a henhouse." no-one says giblets in a hen… that means the chicken's already dead. women are always chastised for talking a lot. the reason women talk goes back thousands of years. the reason women talk a lot, have a proclivity for speaking… mm! is when men would go out and hunt and fight and get animals, otherwise known as hunting… "go get an animal." women stayed behind… and we raised the kids and we made food. and because the world wasn't really a thing yet, we exchanged survival secrets. we would tell each other things like, "oh, don't eat that berry, it'll make your husband's dick fall off." "don't wipe with that leaf, i found in my studies that it really hurts your vagina." you had to exchange this information to keep your tribe alive. now, that's devolved to, "what color lip gloss?" but it's the exchange of information. girls gather and then share. so guys, when we're talking and it bothers you, just know we're trying to make it so your dick doesn't fall off! that's what we're doing. trying to help you! trying to help you live! nothing wrong with it. i'll say it. i'm a feminist. you know what? i'll say it for the women that don't know to say it. and you might not be comfortable with it. because a lot of women are like, "i love being a woman, but i'm not a feminist." what are you, a horse? like, what are the other options? let me clarify it… for the men and the women who might not have a clear idea. being a feminist means you just wanna be treated fairly, you just want it even, no more, no less. maybe like a little bit more. you just wanna get the same. and a lot of women don't like to say they're feminists because they don't think it sounds attractive, right? which is inherently an issue in and of itself. because men think feminist, they have a bad idea of it. guys think of some square-jawed broad with three chin hairs and a power suit, like, "i'm gonna kick you in the dick and take your job!" that's not what we want. we just want it even. if we're gonna be feminists, let's start with something fun. wage gap, gotta close that. but let's start with something everybody wants to deal with. yeah, for sure. duh! let's start with porn. because even if you're a woman and you love being a porn star, it's still you taking it for, like, three hours, you're getting paid 30 percent less and he's actually getting off, so let's make some feminist porn. let's see a porn where a girl kicks a door in, like… "who wants to lick it? line up! go!" go! next! go! beat your best time. go!" that's so gross. so off-brand. so gross. now, all the girls are cheering, because in theory, that's empowering. but in practice, horrific. that would be horrible. no woman could withstand that. halfway through the second guy, we'd all be like, "okay, okay, okay, okay!" "it's sensitive! i need a minute!" "i just need a minute! i just need a minute. don't hug me. i'm not mad, i just need a minute." "why don't you go order us a pizza? i'll fire up my pinterest page." let me ask you a question. this is for the girls in the audience. this is a very real question, very real statement. have you ever been… have you ever been having sex with your boyfriend and you're not into it, like, obviously, and then all of a sudden, you start to get really excited? not so much from physical stimulation, but because mentally you're like… "this is almost done." and when it is done… we shall go to the farmers market!" you plan out the whole day. guys, you have to make sure her head is in the game, no pun intended, but, like, pun intended for sure. i don't think we check in with each other enough as opposite sexes. men think because she's making noises they hear in movies, she's enjoying it. women are like, "i'm making noises, let's fucking get it over with." if you care about the girl, you gotta make sure she's getting what she wants. and girls, the best thing you can do, if you have great sex, the best thing you can do the second sex is over is… not talk to him. sounds horrible. it's actually to your benefit. that's not your boyfriend lying next to you. that is a husk of a man… depleted of all bodily fluids… incapable of giving you the answer you deserve. and i get it. you just had sex, you're feeling great, oxytocin is flowing, you just hosted a human being inside of you… you love him and you wanna talk about the future. he can't do it. you look at him and say, "what are you thinking about?" he's laying there, dust. "ohh." get him a gatorade, give him five. he can't answer you. you'll be like, "what are you thinking about?" he'll never, ever be like, "you in a wedding dress." but guys, if you love your girl, check in with her. because you're far away. she's up there. you're here like, "i'm amazing. i'll bet she fucking loves this." and we're down there like, "i wonder if lavender is in season." still back there. "siri, is lavender…" "calling mom cell." "no, siri!" "no!" snap. the moral of that story is i was in a relationship and i wasn't happy, so i left the relationship. i'm not advocating for leaving the person you're with. what i am advocating for is this. if you're not happy, there's no reason to stay out of fear of being alone. we like to scare women. and i'm sure there are men that feel this way. but we like to scare women when they're single and we like to be mean to them and we label them. we say mean things to them. she's a spinster. old maid. really involved with animal rescue. we have names like that. and we like to question them, as if there's something wrong. "why are you single?" "because the last one was a dick and i'm not stupid." like, that's why you do it. nobody wakes up married. nobody is born betrothed to someone. we have to be kinder to women and stop doing it. and we have the audacity to have magazines, self-help books, articles, posing the question, "you're single. now what? you're single. now what?" what do you mean, "now what?" now i shave off an eyebrow and take up with wolves. what do you mean, "now what?" what do you mean, "now what?" i got a mortgage. how about fuck bitches, get money? it's so stupid. what upsets me is that women spend so much time and energy flogging themselves mentally for being single, and changing and trying different methods and looking for guys. and men don't have to do that. they have the luxury of relaxing because they don't have eggs. there are no articles in gq like, "you're single. now what?" there's none of that. the answer would always be, "now i can jerk off where i want. no-one bugs me. 'sandwich." the good part about traveling for the last year, i've had time for myself. more time from my research. i don't do research. i just watch tv. but i wear a lab coat while i do it for the tax write-off.

before we get out of here, before we conclude this ted talk… does everybody here watch shark tank? so… all i want, all i want, is a live episode of shark tank. that's what i want. a live episode. it's a reality show. but if you watch it, you'll notice it's heavily edited, heavily produced, and what bothers me… is the presentations from the entrepreneurs are too polished. there's no grit to them. they come out like a fifth-grade thanksgiving pageant. "the natives called it maize. we bottled it." i don't wanna see that, okay? i want to see you mess up. i wanna see you trip. maybe you forget your words. maybe you chip a tooth. i wanna see you crumble as an entity before my eyes. only then will i tolerate you rising from the ashes with any degree of hubris. that's the way to consume american reality tv. the sheer schadenfreude of watching someone shit themselves on tv and then building them back up. that's what we like to see. okay? these are cattle farmers from the middle of iowa and they get in front of a camera and suddenly they're winston churchill? i don't buy it, okay? i speak for a living and even i mess up, so there's no way these two fucking dye jobs from asu with, like, a new take on cookies, there's no way! flawlessly orating. there are three archetypes of women that they like to have on shark tank. they love to have moms, because most of us have moms. but what's crazy and, like, creepy is that all the moms on shark tank have the exact same voice. it's a little stepfordian. they all sound like this. "hi, sharks. my name's nancy from laguna niguel and i've discovered a new way to get your toddler to eat their blueberries." then they have really smart women. they do. they'll have brilliant women. but it seems that the smarter the woman, the longer the last name. like, they'll hyphenate their last names. i can't stand hyphenated last names. if you're in this room and you've got a hyphenated last name, chop it in half! okay? you're not spanish royalty. chop it! i barely care about your first name. let alone the entire questionable heritage. when you have a hyphenated last name, all that makes me think is that mama was a big old strong lesbian and she didn't wanna give up her family inheritance so she begrudgingly married your father, now they have separate twin beds and are co-women's studies professors at wellesley. it's also just so much information. i'm trying to hear you, your valuation, listen to the equity, and you're coming up there with a phonebook, like, "hi, sharks. my name's michelle-lida-julia freeman-cereal." "and i'm rebecca-lynn-stacey fitzgerald-yang. and together, we sound like five dudes." like, it's a lot… of information. are you inventors or a law firm? like, what is that? and then in the final category, the toy category, we have the hot women. not attractive. not cute. fucking hot. teeth, tan, tits, hair. "sharks!" sometimes they do this. they'll have very smart woman on the show. sometimes it feels like the hotter the woman, the dumber the product. and i believe it's done to keep us in line. but… a lot of the time, the women's products have to do with two categories. it's either wrangling your femininity. "sharks, it's a flap you put over your vagina so no one knows you have one." "move through the workplace with ease." or it's a product so stupid, it will just confirm any preconceived notions you might have about female intelligence. like, "sharks, it's a shower cap that you can wear while you're cooking so your hair doesn't smell!" no! you just set us back, like, a week with that shit, lexi. but that's the one that i'd like to see live. the hot one. because i believe watching an attractive woman mentally unravel… on national television is the reason we all watch reality tv. "up next are two sisters from scottsdale, arizona, with a new take on popcorn." jiggle, jiggle. "hi, sharks! my name's madison." duh. they're always named madison, right? "and this is my sister, michaela." they're always named michaela. fucking obviously. "and together, we are the inventors, creators and ceos of… put your back against mine." "ceos of… put your fucking back against mine. what the fuck are you doing? what the fuck are you doing? we do this then we do the product, yes? oh, my fucking goodness! we haven't done the product yet. we can't. we can't start over. that's what that light is. that's fucking live, bitch. yes!" "we can't… can we start over?" "no." "i got nothing." "oh, my god, i'm not yelling at you! i'm not yelling at you. i'm not making it about me! do not do this here! it's fucking live tv! i'm not making it about me! you're making it about me making it about you making it about me! i am trying to make this… oh, my god. okay. just stay there. i will do it. i will do it. just stay there. it's fine. stay there. i will handle it. stay there, you fucking casualty. okay, the other day, my sister and i were at home eating popcorn and crying, and we got down to the bottom of the bag. and, shake, shake, shake, what was left at the bottom? all the unpopped kernels. that's when my sister and i decided that we should… put your fucking back…" "against mine. put your fucking back against mine! what the fuck are you doing? i am trying… no! no! you're not gonna fucking do this to me again! i am trying to keep this family together! do you not understand that? no, this is not about me! i am trying to help! this is nothing like when daddy died! you are being a bitch! i am trying to keep this family… she does this! she does this every time! everybody's gonna know that you're a fucking… i wasn't flirting with your husband! you are so fucking insecure! because i slept with your boyfriend in high school and he turned out to be gay! no, it wasn't your fault! big fucking deal! he wanted to talk about your birthday so that fucking michaela could turn 40 for the third time! you're a fucking bitch! i need a minute! i need a fucking minute! i need… i need a madison minute! hold on! i'm fucking good. i'm fucking good! let's fucking do it! you wanna go? shit. i don't care. i am trying… i am not… i can't. i can't. why are the walls bleeding? i can't do this. i can't fucking do this. i can't do it. you being a… i shit. i shit my pants. oh, good news. it's not shit. it's blood! it's blood, you fucking monster! i am trying… i can't… no. you know what? i am keeping it together. i am the stable one! i am keeping it… i am not… i am not yelling! i am not yelling. i am not yelling. huh? what? yes, it's a hive. this happens. it happens every time you open your fucking whore mouth! yes, i know! and i'm trying… i'm a good feminist. i shouldn't have said that. i'm sorry. i'm sorry! i'm sorry! my tan is dripping off. i am not…" "i am not… i am not… i am not yelling. i am not yelling! i am using…" "i am using the vocabulary that dr. goldstein told us to use." "i am requesting…" "that you… hear… my…" "desire… to communicate… in an open way… and put your fucking back against mine! she's ruining it! she's ruining everything!" "she's ruining it. this is a big deal. we put everything… we put everything into this company!" "did you really?" "no, but my mom did." "i am trying to keep it together. everybody depends on me because we spent all of our money on our first company and it shat the bed." "what was your first company?" "i'm gonna tell them." "i'm gonna tell them and you're gonna look like the fucking psycho bitch that you are. everyone's gonna know. i'm gonna… i'm gonna tell the cameras. is this camera still on? good." "fuck you." "do you remember when… um… fuck, it's, like, stuck right here in my nose." "uhh! do you remember when, um, our country went through a recession, and everybody was losing their homes and their money? my sister and i decided that rather than save up or go back to school, we would do what every other girl without a marketable skill did, we… opened up a cupcake company." "i don't know if you noticed, but during the recession, there was a fucking boom in the confection industry! that's because it doesn't take a fucking rocket science degree to shit out, like, an okay cupcake. and, like, no one's gonna say no to a cupcake. people will spend their last dollar. they're not gonna be like, "no," they'll be like, "a cupcake. my day's okay for a minute." and we were feeding people these cupcakes and they were upside-down on their houses and they were jobless and we were feeding these depressed people cupcakes. and it's a scientific fact that obesity and depression have a direct correlation, and we were just feeding the belly of the beast from within the belly of the beast and capitalizing off of it. people needed answers. they needed a viable option for credit, not a buttercream… put your fucking back against mine! i swear to christ, michaela, if you ruin this for me, i will fuck your husband! screw it! cut! i should've been a mermaid!" pack your hip!

we're in denver. i have what i'm hoping is altitude sickness and not some, like, weird form of meningitis. they keep telling me it's not meningitis, but they don't know. we've got an amazing crowd. all the tickets are gone, which is great. all fans. people who are coming to my show should expect a healthy dose of very honest, hilarious, aggressive comedy. the special's called freezing hot, so the set is freezing hot. there's a big old explosion in the background, palm trees and snow, and then there's a surprise at the end: my girl blanche. when i first started traveling, i decided to get her so i'd have someone to be with me on the road, and fans like her. come here! okay, thank you. we have to go make an hour special. ladies and gentlemen, please welcome iliza shlesinger!

thank you! denver! i picked… i picked this city. i picked this city as my favorite city to do comedy in, for this special. thank you. thought it was gonna be a lot colder. really did. i always feel like weather is something you can use to ingratiate yourself toward other girls. guys have sports, when they meet: "what's up, bro? you see 30 for 30?" "fuckin' right, i did. yeah." with girls, it's not fashion or anything else, it's the weather. it's like, "oh, my god, it was so hot. like, earlier." and then the other girl's like, "it was so hot! i noticed that, i feel. i love it when it's hot, but not too hot. do you know what i'm talking about?" "i know what you're saying. like, i totally get it. but not too hot. but i also like it when it's cold." "me too, but not too cold, no. if it's too cold, it's like, brrr."

i like to talk about the weather. but the weird thing for being a girl is even if you live in cold weather, girls always have an issue with deciding what outer layer we should wear. we always defer to the guy. like, "babe! should i do a jacket? jacket? a short one? a long one? you're not looking? okay. if i should do a jacket. for the… are we going to the thing? do a jacket? should i do it? should i do a jacket? will you just pause halo for two seconds? thanks. jacket… should i do it? should i do a jacket? not a jacket. should i just do, like, four scarves and no pants? seems counterintuitive. do a jacket? jacket? jacket? jacket?" finally her boyfriend's like, "yeah, bring a fuckin' jacket!" and you're like, "i don't want to bring a jacket!" – "why not?" – "'cause then i have to carry it!" girls hate the idea of carrying a jacket. "it's too heavy!" the female body is capable of carrying a human being… for nine months, but apparently a lightweight jacket stuffed with feathers is where we draw the line. "should i bring a jacket?"

in your 20s, you never bring a jacket. some of you are in your 20s, so remember, like, yesterday? do it. in your 20s, you never brought a jacket. you're invincible and a little stupid. "i don't need one." that's why it's so funny for those over 30 to watch 20-year-olds at, like, 2:00 a.m., like, braving the cold. shivering. doing this shit with their dresses. like, pulling it down. all those shoes cracking under the pressure. "my dress won't…" "you're not wearing a dress! it's a tube sock!" you always rationalize it. "it's not that far from the car to the bar." in your 20s, you risk that icy walk for the glory of not having to wear a jacket. you have no problem with that two-minute walk. not every girl makes it. i've lost many a hot amber to that walk. you're like, "where's amber?" amber's frozen. like, "go! order a lemon drop and toast to my memory!"

it's the worst when you're cold, you can't find your car. if you're with a group of girls, resign yourself to the fact you're probably not going to find your car. even if you're brilliant, there's something in the genetic makeup of women that disables us from remembering where the car is parked. it's rare that a woman parks the car and is like, "boop! okay, i'm in spot 4-f. let me remember that. let me be responsible for my choices in this life. something disengages and takes over, and we're just like, "boop! what's this?" and then we just, like, wake up in a sephora. always bring at least one guy. there's something in the male makeup. men always find the car. they throw down breadcrumbs, hansel and gretel-style. maybe they've got a tracking device in their junk. i don't know. like, ping, ping, ping! he may not even find your car. he will find you a car, and you'll get in it. guys, i'll tell you a secret: we don't want to look for the car. it's boring. if i do a scan and i don't see it, i'm like, "someone stole it!" that's always the go-to. "stole it!" sometimes we'll act like we're stressed, even if we're not. that's our go-to. women have been told they're feebleminded. once in a while, we'll play into it to our advantage. "i don't know where the car is, okay? i'm sorry! you're perfect! and i don't know where the car is. i don't even… i don't know where the car is, okay? i'm trying, okay? i'm stressed out because i'm working, like, ten hours a week. and i'm like… there's the car. thank you, officer, we found it. like your jacket." girls always defer to the guy when it comes to weather questions. every girl's done this, where you wake up in the morning, next to your husband, your boyfriend, or whatever dairy queen manager tinder has set you up with. 8:00 a.m., first thing out of your mouth, you're like, "babe… is it cold outside?" and your boyfriend wants to be there for you. he's like, "i don't know 'cause i'm inside." "it's chilly. chilly." girls hate being cold. we hate it. girls don't like to be chilly. guys, don't let your date get cold. we're not happy when we're cold. "come here, babe. i gonna warm you up." "don't fucking touch me. it's not what i want." girls don't want to have sex when they're cold. in my life, i've never been like, "oh, my god, i'm so cold, i just wish i had somebody to fuck!" it doesn't really happen. we don't get horny when we get cold. it sends a message to our brain: time to go home. time to hibernate. time to watch a show on tlc about a 600-pound woman eating herself to death. that's what we want to do. "cold!" don't let your date get cold. we're not happy when we're cold. the body language for "i'm cold" and "i'm fucking pissed at you" is the same body language. girls don't like being cold… but we love cold weather. that's girl logic for you. everything's a contradiction wrapped in a bow. "it gets pretty. glitter." it's the same thought process that's like, "i'm gonna wear tight pants, but don't you look at my butt!" "i am so cold, i'm sweating. it is freezing hot in here. i don't know. i don't know how i feel." all girls love fall. i don't know if you know that. all girls are required to love fall. yeah. required. that's right. when we applied to be girls… went to the girl counter. they hold your girl card up. "what's your favorite season?" and you go, "it's fall, motherfucker." and they're like, "all right. here's your girl card, your uggs, your glitter. go have fun, be insecure."

that's what being a girl is. girls love fall so much, i've been planning this fall since july… of, like… of, like, two years ago. we fucking get into fall. you don't even have to tell girls when it's fall. we know. oh, we sense it. we get into it. the second it turns fall, the second a leaf falls somewhere in, like, connecticut, we feel it. sit at home, watching tv. outside the temperature drops from, like, 86 to 63. we pop out of the ground like gophers. we sense that fall is here. watching tv, fall comes, we're just like… – "did you feel that?" – "it was a breeze." "- fuck yeah! cinnamon, nutmeg, cloves… – pumpkin everything! pumpkin! eat the pumpkins! let's plan fall shit!" you drag your boyfriend by the teeth. "let's go! we're doing fall shit! we're going apple-picking!" "babe, there's no apple orchards in los angeles." "fine. i'm going to the grocery store and throw apples at children. something!"

we go on pinterest, start pinning fall ideas. leaves, that's a fun thing we like to fuck with. every year the leaves change color, and we lose our shit. every… "did you see the leaves? oh, my god! last week they were green, and now they're brown!" they're not brown. they're fuckin' dead, you sicko! they're fuckin' dead, and you're doing crafts with their corpses. have you no respect for nature? that was a living thing, you monster! "what are you gonna do with your dead leaves?" "i'm gonna make a pile on the front lawn so the kids can play in the death. what are you gonna do with your dead leaves?" "i'm gonna make a wreath on the front door as a warning to other dead leaves not to fuck with me!" – "did you just eat a leaf?" – "i did." pin pin pin.

we love pinterest. all girls love pinterest. anyone? yes! pinterest. porn for white women. we love it. we love planning things on pinterest. lot of girls plan weddings on pinterest. one of my girlfriends got married on valentine's day. and, joking, i was like, "oh, my god, that's so fun. what was your theme?" dead serious, she was like, "we did, like, love, but, like, under the stars… under the sea. so…" i was like, "okay, it's a wedding, not a prom." i tell you what, denver, if and when i get married, i'm gonna get married the day after valentine's day, and my theme is going to be "75 percent off chocolate." right? yeah! 'cause it's my day! guys, any of you that are engaged, your fiancee has already planned your entire wedding on pinterest. she's planned your wedding, future vacations, your fucking funeral. it's on pinterest. and we don't do it when you're looking, no, 'cause if you saw how creepy we got with pinterest, you wouldn't have us. we do it under the cloak of night. we wait. we get a pumpkin spice latte and we go in. we log on to pinterest. gentlemen, pinterest for girls is like call of duty for guys. i got a fuckin' headset on, talkin' shit to 14-year-olds in michigan. first person pinning pictures of channing tatum. like, "he's mine! ha ha!" pin pin pin pin pin. you get into these creative downward spirals, pinning and pinning. am i looking at porn? pin pin pin pin pin. i'm not even sure at this point. natural water birth? why am i pinning that? pin pin pin pin pin. looking outside six hours, seven hours, 24 hours later. – open the mini blinds. – it's sunny outside! keep pinning for the glory!

babe! i want to show you what i'm pinning for my wedding… our wedding. oops. ha ha! come in here. i want to show you. i have all these fun ideas. we should do a chocolate waterfall. instead of chocolate, we should do bridesmaid's tears. i think it's fair. it's only fair. i want to show this to you. come in here, brian, ryan… who gives a shit what your name is? i'm getting married. i want to show this to you. do you like the pink napkins or the red napkins? i think there's a difference. i'm so stressed out, and i don't know what i'm doing. i don't know. do you think i'm pretty? i don't know. i don't know what the theme should be. you know what the theme should be? that your mom's a bitch, that's what the theme should be. this is so hard, but i want to do it anyway, because i love you so much, and it's gonna be amazing! i can do it, man. i'm gonna be on all these ideas. we should do a swan. we should do a dove. we should do a swan made of doves. babe, will you google human centipede, but for doves, and see if we can sew them together atm-style? yes, i know what "atm" is, i've seen your porn. i love you anyway. ' dum dum da-dum, i'm getting married before my sister ' i want to show this to you. what? yes, i'm wearing a diaper! i'm not getting up. i want to show this. it's going to be amazing. babe! babe! babe! babe! babe! babe! babe! babe! babe! babe! babe! babe! babe! babe! babe! babe! babe! babe! babe! is it cold outside? pin pin pin pin.

girls get cold easily because we're not allowed to eat as much as we want in one sitting. trying to get another girl to admit she's hungry, it's like a standoff. you can't admit you're hungry. that's admitting weakness, defeat. "are you hungry? me neither. so…" – "are you hungry?" – "no, i ate last week, so…" "i could do this all day. i'm chewing my on tongue. it feels good enough." eventually one, usually the smaller one, will concede. "i'll… if you're… i'll go with you. if you're hungry, i'll go with you. i'll go with you. i'll go with you." subtext: i'll watch you get fat. "i'll go with you. i'll have, like, a bite. whatever you get, i'll have a bite. i'm easy. i eat everything, except for nothing, so… i eat nothing except for everything. i don't understand what i'm saying either. i'm so fucking hungry. please, let's go have a bite. a bite of a bite. do you want to get tapas?" one girl always throws tapas out there. "do you want to do tapas? what are they? they're small plates. you do, like, five to ten per person. it runs you about 100 bucks each. totally worth it. yeah." girls love anything small, not filling, and expensive. we would eat diamonds if we could. "they're tapas. they're small plates. it's spanish. what spanish? it's, like, their spanish, not the country below the united states. it's a different spanish. it's got a fucked-up 'th.' i went to spain for two days when i was 16, so i'm cultured, okay? they're small plates. platito. they're so small, it's like a frisbee for a rat. like, small plates. it's like a monocle for an amoeba. just, like, really small. one time i ate the plate, on accident. that was pretty horrific. small plates." it's an absolute joke. i don't like anything about it. comes on a wooden block, like you're eating lunch at home depot. some guy, with his bare hands, balls up some ham in the corner and then throws some shards of manchego cheese and some haphazard drizzle of honey so you can eat like an andalusian farmer taking a lunch break in a field in 1830 for, like, a hundred bucks. cool. "small plates." one friend gets annoyed you don't want her suggestion. "you don't want tapas? fine. just trying to accommodate the group." guys don't ever get tapas. it's a girl food. "you wanna get tapas?" it's never dudes. "now, look, bro! wanna get tapas? we'll go after fantasy draft. you wanna do tapas? we'll get one meatball, split it with four dudes, no homo." "you don't like my suggestion? what do you want? do you want to do a flatbread? you want to do a flaahbread? what is it? it's like a thin crust pizza, but, like, annoying." it's always the one girl in the group that suggests the flatbread. "do you guys want to do it for everyone, a flatbread?" she's the one suggesting it. she's the one that got everyone together. she's the one that printed the groupon. her name is usually something like amanda. "you want flatbread? do you? you do? not eating? don't do gluten? not doing dairy? you don't do fun? sleeping? that's weird. we're in public. do you want flatbread? ask her. does she want flatbread? i can't. my phone's dead. i can't text her. ask her if she wants flat… do you want flatbread? i'm asking if you want a… aflac! do you want flaahbread? ask cynnamon with a y if she wants flatbread. then tell kinnamon with a k her name is not phonetically sound. okay. i'm gonna do the ordering. hi! we're in a rush because we're entitled. um… wanna do one flatbread for the 40 of us, yeah? she's not eating, she's gonna have a bite, doesn't do dairy, doesn't do gluten, she doesn't know what gluten is, but feels like she doesn't do it this week. and we're gonna do… what do you guys want to drink? no, don't order your own. we're just gonna do a trough of white wine. yeah? how do you want to drink it? you're being annoying. stop. no, we don't need glasses. we're just gonna drink it with our hands! what do you guys want to get on it? let's just go crazy. let's do half goat cheese, half air. thank you! flaahbread!"

went on a date recently. uh… i made a real effort in my 30s. i'm 31. made a real effort to try to date normal guys. when you're in your 20s, you can date whoever you want. you'll live forever, you're hot, you're in your 20s. "wanna go out? we're both carbon-based. let's do it." and it's, like, fine. tried to make responsible choices in my 30s. recently i went out with someone based on the way he was dressed. – he was an accountant. – but, okay. i'll carry the conversation. that's fine. he had a plaid shirt, tucked into khakis. okay. all right. little nerdling. that's okay. cell phone in a holster on his hip. dad-style. to the dads in the audience and subsequently watching this, what text is coming in so fast you have to have your hand ready o.k. corral-style? and then what are you sending out so fast that it's rendering your cellular device smoking, and you've got to holster it? the point is, he was dressed responsibly. nonthreatening. nice, like an adult.

i knew i had to respond in kind. i couldn't dress like a 19-year-old lesbian hot topic manager. i get it. made a real effort, folks. i made a real effort. asked my girlfriends that are in their mid-30s… dating awhile, very mature, right? "what should i wear?" "you need to get… like, a silk blouse. so, just wear it and, like, cover that shit up and just tuck it in, blouse it out, silk blouse." i'm here to say right now, i reject a silk blouse. fuck a silk blouse, okay? yes! just because you're not 20 doesn't mean you have to be ashamed of your body. i don't need to wear a tent over it, okay? they're burkas for american women. i said it and i meant it. all right? they're oppressive, ugly, hot, shapeless, and if you wear an underwire bra under your silk blouse and you sweat through it, it's gonna look like a face with its eyes closed. fuck a silk blouse. but i bought one anyway. i'll be like, whatever. went to a nice store. made a real effort. i went to a nordstrom…'s. i asked the sales girl… she was 19, and just hot. – "i need a silk blouse." – "what about this one?" it was white. it had black splotches all over it. she was like, "it's abstract." i was like, "yeah, like a rorschach test, but less interesting." she's like, "i don't get it." i'm like, "that's 'cause you work here. okay." "no, it's like a fun pattern." i'm like, "that's a cow print. like, one hundred percent. it's black splotches. i'm gonna look like a model for gateway printers. i'm not wearing that." here's the fact: it's a cow print. you can't wear it if you're normal. if you're a model, you can wear something stupid and look hot. you can wear a blousy cow print and be like, "fuck yeah. moo, motherfuckers. unh! unh! moo, yeah, unh! unh, right?" not dicks, udders. normal girl wearing a cow pattern, if you tuck in a blousy cow, you're gonna look like a cow that had gastric bypass surgery. just blousy. tucked-in blousy cow, so i got it. tucked-in blousy cow.
then i bought pants that were very tight. you want to wear tight pants. the tighter the pant, the more effort it shows you've put into it, okay? not unlike chinese foot-binding, you want your pants so tight that they form your muscles and bones into this kind of, like, palsy effect. okay?
and you want to have shoes that are so high, the heel is so high, that you are literally cantilevered off the edge and it forms a dainty hump in the back. men like this, trust me. men love a good hump, okay? like this. so you're ready. so you've got blousy cow, palsy pants. you want your shoes so high that you can't run from your rapist if you want. blousy cow, palsy pants, and i was ready for the date.

i brought a special bag. there's a special bag women are required to carry on a first date. it's called a clutch. small mouse purse. a clutch, for those that don't know, is neither a synonym for the word "cool," nor does it have to do with a car. a clutch is a tiny purse that women carry on a first date. the reason we carry it is because we can't carry a big bag, 'cause men don't like big bags. first, it's not attractive. you can't show up to a guy's house going, "hey! huh huh. ready for our first date, steve? well, i just brought my… …bag right here. we don't gotta go to no fancy dinner or nothing. nope, i brought me a hot plate. we can just plug it in right here. we can do it on the lawn, unless you're ashamed of me. you got an external power source? maybe a generator? i call mine jenny. it's a little joke. we could… do you like beans, steve? i brought beans. i don't need a can opener. i've got this shit." we carry the little bag because men don't like big bags. men don't like big bags because big bags scare men. you show up with a big bag, guys' first thought is, "fuck, she's trying to move in." that's the first thought. men don't like surprises. they're already weirded out by women in general. they don't know what's in that bag. you could have guns, medication. "what's in the bag? what's in the bag? what's in the bag! tampons, alimony papers, gwyneth paltrow's head? what's in the bag?" could have medication in there, restraining order. taking around that garbage with you, that's why it's called baggage. so we carry a little, tiny clutch, carry a tiny bag to fool you. we want you to think all this perfection… i said perfection!… comes from the contents of this tiny rat purse. "just a couple of things." every girls' told that lie. "it takes me, like, ten minutes to get ready, so…" as you're telling the lie, you can feel it. "- i promise, i'm telling the truth. – it's fine. ten minutes." and no woman in this room has ever closed a clutch on the first try. because… it's true. "it was hard getting here. it wouldn't close on the first try."

because when women pack for a first date, we don't pack for the date we're going to have, we pack for the date we want to have. imaginations take over. "i should bring one lip gloss for every degree the sun sets, 'cause we're gonna watch the sunset from the yacht. do it. also, bring my aaa card, in case his porsche breaks down. he has a porsche. what if he's, like, a secret millionaire, and he, like, wants to make sure that, like, i love him for him and not his money, 'cause he's had problems with other girls in the past wanting him for his money, and he didn't know if their love was pure? i'll pretend, like, 'you don't have to test me, ' but he does, because i really like money, but i'm gonna pretend it's not a big deal. and maybe he's the prince of a recently liberated country that i don't care about, and i should pretend i care about him, so i should plan for this date to be amazing, so i should bring a passport in case we go to dinner in paris." you get it all in the bag, start to zip it. you've got it in your teeth, the zipper. fuckin' close! please! you get it, like, halfway zipped. you can't go on a date with a bag zipped halfway. that's ratchet. so what do you do? you take everything out, all your accessories, you lay 'em all out. you gotta make some cuts. so sorry, ladies. you're all very valuable to the team. not everyone can make varsity. and rather than get rid of anything, right, what do you do at least once? you make an attempt to put everything back in the bag, but slowly… thinking if you're somehow purposeful in your actions, you will sneak up on the bag… and it won't know that it's full. and you get it down to one thing, and then you snap. you're like, fuck it! everything goes in! luna bars, activia, uggs, dad issues. let's go.

so we went to a bar, and we're sitting there, and we sit down, and he ordered one drink… the whole night. here's my problem with that. um… it was a friday night, and i'm a lady. i want to party, but i'm a lady. so, if you only have one drink, that means i'm only going to have one drink. if i only have one drink, how the hell am i supposed to want to touch you later? okay? yes. thank you for being honest. do the math on that one, accountant. yeah. anyone not laughing, you're lying to yourself. that's what alcohol is for. loosen yourself up a bit. make choices you wouldn't normally make. "whatever. i had some wine. it's okay." otherwise, why waste the calories? let's all just have a glass of warm milk and punch ourselves in the face. he didn't even get alcohol. he had a beer. he had, like, an ipa. and he had, like, taken a sip of his. i was done with my vodka soda. i thought we were having a race. sipping on his beer, i'm down to the ice in my drink, tonguing it like a dog on a hot day. just like… i'm running into the bathroom, taking shots of scope from the attendant, trying to get, like, a prison buzz, introduce alcohol. i'm holding my breath, trying to get some kind of high. my problem wasn't necessarily that he only had one drink. my problem with it, really, was that i had a problem with it. i should have been mature about it. and had i been dating more in my 30s, i think i would have been okay with that situation. my friends in their mid-30s, they'd be okay with that drink. i wish that i was. i wish i could have normal girl thoughts. i wish i'd sit and have the drink and have normal girl thoughts. "this one drink is really nice. i'm so grateful. this is great. he seems like a really sweet guy. he's got really nice eyes. i wonder what they'd look like in a jar." like, normal thoughts. but i'm still of the mindset that when i get a drink in me, – it sends a message to my brain… – that it's go time! that's what it says, all right? i'm 31, i'm not 90. it was friday, not a tuesday during high tea. let's make some fucking mistakes. that's what it's about.

i got… i feel a lot of people are wired this way. a sip of liquor sends a message to my party goblin that it's time to do it. some people have party goblins that have lost their ability to walk, from partying too much. my party goblin sleeps on a bunk bed, on the top bunk. my dignity sleeps on the bottom bunk. he is not invited. the second i taste liquor, it wakes her up. she smells it in my brain. she's dreaming of eating frozen pizza, 'cause she's a monster. "huh?" "vodka. top shelf." she goes to the megaphone that controls my actions. we've all had party goblin control our actions. "you need to rage! find the door guy! ask him if he has drugs! do not specify. see what he comes up with! do it! fuckin' go! jump on top of that table. start dancing. there is no music. i will provide the music. ' la la la la la la-la-la la! ' you look so pretty. jump off that table. run outside. push that cop, see if he finds it adorable. ask if you can touch his gun. the answer's always no. go over to that cvs. find the dairy aisle. grab some whipped cream. do some whip-its. it might kill you. it's fucking worth it. go outside. take a picture. put it on instagram. take it down ten minutes later 'cause, oops, we could see your nipple!" like, that's how it usually is.

so, we left the bar, right? super buzzed off of our drink. and he drove me home, so now we're in front of my house, okay? we're sitting in front of my house. this is where a kiss takes place. this is where a first kiss takes place. now, as a girl, you know when you've put out the vibe that you want a kiss, all night, okay? men and women are wired differently. men are putting out the vibe all the time. right now, lot of vibes, all the time. "god, i hope she sees my wiener." that's what… the vibe is ever-present with guys. "you want this? yeah? anyone? anyone. no? little bit? what, you're calling the cops? okay. see you on facebook. okay." for girls, we're very specific about when we put out the vibe. can't just throw that shit around. got to be specific. every girl's got things she does to throw out the vibe. maybe touch her hair a little bit. "that's funny." maybe you show off part of your body. every girl's got that one body part better than any other girl's. maybe it's your forearm. maybe all night, you're like, "fuck, yeah. yeah? ehh? you want it? you wanna fuck, eh? yaaahhhh. that's weird? okay."

when a girl knows that a guy's a little vulnerable and into her, we become like an evil witch in enchanted forest, and the guy becomes, like, the lost ingenue. say your girlfriend broke up with you. let's say you were cheated on. you're a little wounded. you're sitting there. "i hope i find a girl." and we, out of nowhere, are just like… "hello. apple? what's that? yes, i used to work in a pharmacy. whole new life for myself." we start saying things to you to lure you in. "yes, this way. sports? i love sports. this way. this way. come this way. oh, yes. what? a relationship? not me. no, i just want to fuck in perpetuity until you grow tired of me. this way! yes, what's that? your ex-girlfriend? she sounds like a bitch i would love to fight with my shirt off. this way. this way to my gingerbread house. yes. yes. come and nibble on the walls of my gingerbread house. yes! what's that? yes, it's a metaphor for my vagina. you're very clever. this way. this way.

said the right things, did the right things. i knew we were gonna have a mouth kiss. now, for the guy… he has to decide how he wants to kiss the girl. that's a tough role. you have to decide how you're gonna kiss a girl. if you kiss her too soft, you look like a big puss. if you kiss her too hard, charges will be filed. so you have to be careful. in this interaction, the girl also has her part to play. there are only three places you can look in the passenger side of a vehicle, only one of which is truly acceptable, okay? you cannot look right at him. that's too much eye contact. he might take it as a threat. he might bite your neck. we don't know what he'll do. okay? we don't know. plus, it's creepy. "do i kiss this girl? i don't know." and you're just like… but you can't stare out your passenger side window. that's not enough eye contact, and you'll look touched in the head. he's looking at you. "do i kiss this girl?" and you're just like… side note, ladies: if his window does this, do not date him. okay. so the girl only has one option, and that is to sort of look down and stare at her hands, and all of a sudden become fascinated with her cuticle situation. "amazing. i used to have feathers. that is so weird." and sort of monitor the impending kiss out of your periphery. and when he gets about halfway, you strike. teeth first, so you know that he knows you mean business. i've kissed two guys. i think i know what i'm talking about. so i was all set. blousy cow. palsy pants. fuckin' forearm. creepy witch. like, i was all set. i knew we were gonna have a mouth kiss, and apparently he had a different plan. he had a cheek peck planned. and i did not see that coming. now i'm going to show you what happens when a cheek peck meets the intention of a mouth kiss. this is me, and this is him. "i'm just sitting here. oh, my god. nails." let's see the slow-motion replay. huh? no? fuck! tuck and roll!

so embarrassing! it was so embarrassing. it was sexual rejection, like, in the weirdest form. i don't even remember how i got in my house. i just know that i ended up there. what i think happened is that my embarrassment materialized into a magician's smoke bomb. and i was just like, "this never happened!" and i was gone! so now i'm inside my house. we've all had this happen. it was, like, 10:30. we've had this happen where you come home earlier on a weekend than you thought you would. you were all planning to go out, and you come home way earlier. guys, they want to go back out, right? you wanna get back out there, right? go team. get back out there. you want to get drunk and meet chicks. for girls, it's a different motivation. "why don't you want to go back out?" "'cause i don't wanna waste an outfit." you try to contact your friends. there's something energywise that makes it very difficult when you're sober to go back out and rejoin your drunk friends. you ever try getting a location from your drunk friends? it's like texting with a house cat. they send you the weirdest stuff. here's what happens. they don't really care if they see you because they went out together. you went rogue. you went off on a date, selfish, went to go find love. your friends formed a little mini-mob, and they band together and they formed a phalanx. "let's find dudes," and they went out together. they don't care if they see you. they send you weird texts. like, "we don't know the name of the bar! we don't know how long we'll be here. we're in outer space. come find us!"

after, like, 20 minutes of trying, you resign yourself to the fact you're gonna be home. what's the first step? you take off your going-out clothes. i had a silk blouse on. i didn't know how to care for it. i didn't know what to feed it. i didn't know. it's the fanciest material. it's like the caviar of the material family. i stood by open french windows for ten minutes waiting for bluebirds to come and undress me. took it off. put on my at-home clothes. girls know what at-home clothes are. the clothes you put on when no one else is around. super gross. all the guys here are like, "i've been with my girl when we're by ourselves. she's super cute." no, we don't do that. we don't wear roll-down boxers and socks up to here 'cause you're kind of a pedophile, and pigtails. we don't do that when we're by ourselves! girls, we dig deep into the trunk of, like, old t-shirts. you pull out your t-shirt from middle school. it's got paint on it. you got your abercrombie varsity athletic pants from, like, 1997, stripes on 'em. you put those on, right? sweatshirt's got holes. pants have holes. underwear has holes. socks have holes. why are there holes in your clothes? because tears corrode. and you wander listlessly through your house. you look homeless, but you're in a home, so that doesn't make sense. you wander from room to room. you're just kind of not ready to go to bed yet. you go to a room where the light's off. you flip it on. one percent of you is expecting there to be, like, a serial killer. knowing full well if he's there, you're done for, 'cause you're in your at-home clothes. nothing's… can't defend yourself. flip it back off. you wander into the kitchen. you don't really make a meal for yourself, do you? you just stick your hand deep in a bag of deli turkey. right? couple of crackers. maybe, like, two starbursts for dessert. staring at nothing. maybe you have a show in the background. maybe frasier's on, hypothetically me every night. sitting there eating. you start saying weird things to your dog. "one day, you'll be my wife." i'm sitting there doing this. phone buzzes. it's a text message. who's it from? the accountant. what does it say? is he gonna ask me out again? does he like me? "hey, iliza, had a great time tonight. would love to have kissed you, but i have to be up early." i don't even know how to answer that like a human. you sent me a text that is un-text-backable. and first of all, who are you making out with, wolverines, that your legs are immobile the next day? you send me something that stupid, i'm not giving you the dignity of a normal text back. you're not even getting back a regular emoji. no winky face. no sad face. i'm going deep into that emoji bank and i am pulling out… fried shrimp. fried shrimp.

what bothered me about the whole thing is it was sexual rejection, no matter how you slice it. i wasn't saying, "let's get married. let's make plans to meet my mom." it was a kiss. and so, even though you denied the kiss, it's still denying me sexually, which is very uncomfortable for girls. guys get sexually rejected, it's part of being a guy. "you want it? nope? okay. anyone else? hey? one over here. dick over here. penis over there. one, two, two, two. sold! to the seven in the corner with low standards." it was a mouth kiss. you rejecting that is the equivalent of you being like, "hey, iliza! you see this? none for you!" let's talk about this for a second. i talked about this on my last special. every girl's seen a guy do this. so, i've done some thinking on the topic of this… i want to let you girls know, 'cause girls get offended. "that's so gross. why are you doing that at a family picnic? what are you doing?" i want to give you peace of mind and let you know, it has nothing to do with you. he would be doing this whether you were there or not! take it as an insult, take it as a compliment. i don't have an issue that guys do this. my issue is that there's no reciprocation on the female end. gentlemen, you'd be very upset… if you were laying in bed, ready to have sex, game's on pause, ready to go. and your girlfriend came out of the bathroom in just a t-shirt and no bottoms. "hey, babe." and she just did some sort of, like, weird vaginal puppetry. hashtag vaginal puppetry. you'd be very upset if she just came out and was like, "babe! hey. hey." if there are any guys here not laughing, that's how we feel about that! it would disrupt the entire cycle of human procreation. men would cease having sex with women. they'd be super grossed out. they'd move to the woods. they'd take raccoons as wives. it would be horrible. what's weird about it is, as a girl, you are open to the threat of a guy doing this at any point. if you're dating a guy, he could do it a week in, a year in, ten years in. it could be in the bedroom, at a concert, the produce aisle. this could happen at any minute. that fear is ever present in your mind, so i think if men and women are to ever be fair and equal, guys should have an inherent fear of raptor vag. hashtag raptor vag. it's only fair.

so i have a plan. tonight, we strike. every guy in here on a date is like, "jesus. fuck. why did we buy tickets for this? they were free? still." here's my plan, okay? tonight… while my boyfriend is sleeping… let me take it back. i'm gonna get a boyfriend. wait till he's sleeping, okay? sneak up in there… and when you do this, 'cause you're going to do it, pinky swear? when you do it, you want to make sure that he's in rem sleep. it's the deepest, most luxurious sleep, okay? you need to check to see that he's in rem sleep. how do you make sure someone's in rem sleep? you open their eye… while they're sleeping. you ever do this to someone while they're sleeping? fuck you guys! i'm not the only one that's done this! and you say things like, "i love you! look back and forth if you love me too!" make sure he was sleeping. so he's sleeping. and i go into the other room, and i would pin for a little bit… pin pin pin… and then i would go in, and i would take out my raptor claw, okay? and i would sharpen my nails down, not to a point that was sharp enough that you could stab a meerkat and eat it if you wanted to, but you want a rounded point so the pressure will be localized, okay? like an apex of sorts, okay? rounded. like, if a raptor went to get a manicure, she'd be like, "make it lovely." so i'd make it lovely, and i'd sheath it for my own protection, and i'd go in, and i'd descend upon the sleeping boyfriend, and i would apply the raptor claw to his cheek, and i would gently stroke. not enough to awaken, but merely to stir. okay? why am i doing that? i'll tell you, what i'm doing is introducing external stimuli into his land of slumber. who talks like that? i'm introducing external stimuli into his subconscious, thus permeating his dreams, okay? whatever he's doing in his dream, he's gonna feel this. somewhere in the back of his brain, he's gonna be, "oh, shit, raptor vag." doing this lets him know. it's not unlike when you're having a dream. let's say you're talking to a model, and your alarm clock goes off. "another reason i don't like to wear underwear…" it's the equivalent of that, okay? i would do this, so in his dreamland, he would feel that and he would know. and then, he's still sleeping, but he's feeling this, and then, for the final stage, i would sneak up to him, and i would sound the raptor mating call. it would resonate all throughout the land of nod, and he would know. he's in his dream, delivering his naked high school commencement speech, he would hear the raptor mating call, and he'd be like, "oh, fuck, mama's here." he would know. i'd get in his ear and do the raptor mating call right before i striked, okay? i stroked? i striked. i stricked? okay. do it. i'd get in his ear, raptor mating call. and he would, "huh?" and i'd go… "that's right, motherfucker!"

it's like a jacket. girls are weird. we do weird things, but we're cute, so it's okay. girls do crazy things. it's our own brand of crazy. guys do crazy things too, like rape and war. they do their own kind of crazy things. girls have a more insidious kind of crazy. we'll start a fight just to see if we can make it look like you started the fight. we have do it three times a year or we lose our standing in the club. every girl's done that, just to see how strong your powers are. "i don't want to fight with you. stop it. i didn't start this. you started this, you started acting weird. – i don't want to fight with you." – "bullshit." "i don't want to fight with you." we'll turn around, talk to a fake jury. "i don't… what is this? i don't want to fight with you. this is on you. i'm peaceful, you're being a dick. i don't even… stop it. what are you doing? you're yelling. i don't want to fight with you." but in your girl head, you're like… i wanna… i wanna fight with you. i woke up feeling chubby this morning… and that is somehow your fault. get in the octagon. we do all kinds of head games. "go hang out with your friends. that's fine. do it. go hang out with your friends. i dare you. i know you made plans with me. that's fine. go hang out with your friends. that's fine. i want you to be happy. do it. go hang out with your friends." there are no friends. only zuul.

look, i'm sure being a guy has its difficulties. i haven't been one in a while. i don't really know what that's like. girls have a lot of stuff that are being thrown at them all the time, and we have to suss out what's good for us and weed out the positive messages. i truly believe our society operates on a currency of women's insecurities, multibillion-dollar industries thriving on, "just make them feel their bodies are unacceptable, then sell them some shit." look at any magazine. "you're amazing, but you need to lose, like, ten pounds. love your body, love your hair. whatever you've done is wrong. you look like a sea monster." everything's got a weird mixed message and a "whorey" undertone. "be a bad girl. own your sexuality. but if you fuck more than one dude, you're a whore." like everything's wrong. you can't just go around effing dudes, but you can have sex with more than one. even my eyeliner has a sexual message. it's called bad gal. fourteen-year-olds can buy this. are they bad gals? yeah, tiny bad gals. it comes with a little devil that sits on your shoulder. it whispers salacious things in your ear. – oh, i'd better get ready for the… – "you're a bad gal." better close that window. better get ready… "yeah, you wanna fuck in a dumpster." what are you talking about? doesn't sound like a bad gal as much as someone that just needs a home. i'm not a bad gal. i'm just trying to put on eyeliner so i don't look like newborn hamster face. – "yeah, you're a bad gal." – i'm not a bad gal! "you are. you want to give a hand job in an acura going 50 in a 30, no insurance. you're a bad gal." what are you talking about? i have insurance. what's my blush called? flirty girl. "yeah, tart it up, you hooker! yeah! look super horny, ready to go. you're a flirty girl. dressed like that, you're asking for it!" dressed like what, like a cool mom out on mom's night out? dressed like what? "yeah, you wanna fuck in a dumpster!" what's with you and fucking with dumpsters? – "i wanna fuck in a dumpster." – well, you're projecting!

again, my issue with it isn't that there's a sexual undertone. my issue is that it's a negative message to women, but guys reap a positive effect, right? "she's a bad girl. maybe she'll touch my d." that's pretty much the message coming out of that. "maybe she'll wear spiked leather gloves, yeah, on a motorcycle!" she's probably a lesbian if she's on a motorcycle. "bad gal." there's no men's products, there are no men's products that have a negative message to men, but women reap a positive effect. there's no guy putting on cologne, and he's hearing, "you're gonna text her back within a reasonable time frame." there's no guy putting on aftershave, and he's hearing, "you're 37 and share a room with two other dudes in the hipster part of town. outside the context of los angeles, that's totally socially unacceptable. what's that? you run a t-shirt making business? you only have online shit? no real t-shirts. you ride a bike to work and claim it's ecologically responsible, but we all know your credit is so fucked, you can't get financing for a kia!" there's a lot to contend with as a girl. we have different rules. girls are like, "we can fuck whoever we want." that's not the way it should be. we're the fairer sex for a reason, lady. if you want guys to pay for dinner and open doors, act like a lady. you can't act like a guy. we're just not built for it. sorry if that's crushing some of you. it's just the truth. "fuck!" my girlfriends called me the other night. "do you want to go out with us… after your skit?" continuing to not fully comprehend what i do for a living. that's fine. we're talking about it, and in the back was my drunk friend. drunk friend never gets to hold the phone. drunk friend's always in the background, yelling shit at the sober one. drunky's always tethered to the sober one. like, "ahhh! i miss you! aaahhhh!" when they yell, "i miss you," and you don't miss them, you're like, "miss you too, babe. bleh." "come out with us!" she kept yelling at me. "come out with us! i'm gonna fuck a stranger!" i'm sorry, do whatever you want. i feel if you're a lady, that is never a sentence that should be uttered with anticipation, in future tense. it is only a sentence that should be said with the utmost abhorrence, in past tense. it should never be, "i'm going to fuck a stranger!" it should always be, "oh, my god, i fucked a stranger! oh, my god!" we always talk about the downside when girls sleep with someone. let me take up for the guys' side for a second. i do believe there are plenty of guys in here that have gone to bed for a one-night stand, thinking, "i've found someone special." and then you wake up the next morning next to a fat water rat. these things have happened, okay? plenty of guys in here, i'm sure, thought they went to bed with, like, an absolute angel, and tomorrow morning… tonight you're gonna go out in denver on a friday, meet a girl. "oh, she's so angelic, so beautiful." and tomorrow, you are going to wake up next to satan himself. you're gonna look down at your pile of sheets, and they'll just be, like, undulating, pulsating, and there'll be heat lines coming off of it. "uh, good morning. excuse me, is it… stacy?" "no one by the name of stacy is here." "i'm so embarrassed. i thought your name was stacy." "el nombre no es importante." "wow. well, judging by that and the smell of sulfur, i'm gonna take a guess that you are… satan?" "yes!" clip-clop. "yes?" "uh, look, you gotta go." "why? i thought we were gonna get breakfast, smoochie-pie." "uh, we can't get breakfast, because, look, i cheated on my girlfriend, and i…" "you what? you cheated? you cheated on me?" "are you crying lava?" "fucking right, i'm crying lava! i'm the devil, what do you think i'm gonna cry? that's so fucked up. i thought you were a good guy. fuck you, fuck you!" "just get outta here." – "i know when you're gonna die." – "are you fuckin' serious?" "nope, that's the angel of death. i'm just kidding. people think we're the same, but we're not. we're just similar height, we both have brown hair." um… "you gotta go." "don't fuckin' touch me! get off my tail! i'm going. give me some bus fare. in my hoof. what are you laughing at?" "i'm sorry, i think it's ridiculous that you're taking the bus." "yes, i'm taking the bus, okay? i am fiscally responsible.

do you know how hard it is to be the devil? i have no business. the kardashians take, like, all of my business. i'm not even joking. it's really hard to earn an honest dollar, okay? i had to have sex with kris jenner and everything. it was horrible. she's evil. of course i don't have any money. of course i take public transportation. i'm a demon of the people, okay? what do you expect me, to drive around in a hearse made of skulls, okay? i'm not rob zombie. i'm not an asshole, okay? now, give me six dollars and 66 cents and i'll be on my way." "all right, fucking go." – "i have a question." – "what?" "is it cold outside?"

you guys are a wonderful crowd. uh… there's no elegant way to wipe off a sweat mustache. i was talking at the beginning about how a lot of my friends are getting married, and i'm happy for them. i think that i'm just in a different head space at the moment. they all get really excited to plan their weddings, and i get really excited to plan a breakup. guys, hear me out on this. girls do weird things. and from the day we start dating you, we keep tabs on everything you do wrong… so that if and when we decide to break up with you, 'cause, i don't know, if the wind changes direction… we can then refer to said list, extrapolate one isolated incident, and use that as the piece de resistance of our breakup masterpiece. you ever been dating a girl, everything's going great… things are mediocre, not great, but whatever… and she breaks up with you out of the blue? "yes, your feet look like eagle claws! there, i said it. cacaw. cacaw. goodbye." it seems like it's out of nowhere. we let things build. you could be sitting at your anniversary dinner. – "i'm thinking about getting salmon." – "i'm fuckin' done!" like it doesn't really matter. i'm not cavalier about this. i put time and effort into these breakups. you put time and effort into dating me, i'm going to return said time and effort, plus interest… it's a very good roi… on that breakup, okay? these are handcrafted breakups. hand-hewn, "hecho en california," tailor-made, forged from the fires of your own insecurities, specialty breakups, okay? i don't do a generic breakup. i don't do a breakup template. i don't do the whole, "oh, my god, it's me, not you." no, it's you, motherfucker, here's a list of reasons why. i was dating a guy, we dated for three months, and we were on our first date, right? we're doing first date stuff, right? we're at a bar, drinking, talking, taking muscle relaxers. i was asking him first date questions: what do you do, where are you from, what do you max out at? i was like, "oh, what's your middle name?" "what's your middle name?" he goes, "my middle name is paul." now… reciprocity in, like, a normal conversation would dictate that perhaps his next question to me should have been… "what's… what's your nah nah nah." that's right! what's your middle name? but he never asked me my middle name, – and i fuckin'… – remembered that. 'cause here's the deal: he wasn't necessarily wrong in not asking me that. men and women communicate so differently. i'm surprised we can be in the same room without ripping each other's genitals off. if you said to him, "why didn't you ask her her middle name?" he'd be like, "at the time, she had long hair. i thought she was a mermaid." like, not even in the same stratosphere. what's crazy is every guy in this room is like, "mermaid hair. i get it." and where i went wrong, where girls tend to go wrong, is i didn't tell him why i was mad. we don't tell you why we're mad, because "you should know," which is insane. we barely know why we're mad. "i don't know, but something happened, and now i'm mad. i don't know why i'm mad, but you should. the secrets are locked in my brain." "did you eat a key?" "i did. that and the plate and the leaves from earlier. i feel fat."

we just sit there, stoic, with this, like, stepford wife facade, and we let it rot our brains, and we sit there smiling, but it devolves. "he didn't ask my middle name. he doesn't want to get to know me, my hopes, thoughts, dreams, feelings, friends, family, we'll never have a baby." like, that's the way that devolves. so i began planning the breakup… on the first date. we dated three months, and at the conclusion, i decided i wanted to do a rain breakup. felt the rain would be emblematic of the tears shed during the courtship. rain breakup. wanna break up in the rain. oh, my god. unh. rain, right? all different kinds of rain breakups. you can do one in an alley, crying. you could be a young, british country girl in the 1800s, running through a field. "no! i can't! i can't be!" in a white dress, no shoes. women weren't allowed to wear shoes until 1962. fun fact. "no! i can't be with you! i've been betrothed to another, jeremiah!" "why? i love you so." "no!" running in the rain, and it's cascading. i've got long hair. they didn't have scissors back then. i'd wrap it around like a belt. it's weird. i'd be running, and it would cascade over it, white, so it's just see-through. you wouldn't see areola, but you'd see nipple bumpage. like rachel, friends, circa 1997. network nipple, right? running, fuckin' doing it. no bra. running hard. 'cause in your fantasy, your tits are like rocks. just running. "aahhh!" every girl has fantasized about kissing a boy in the rain, which, if you've ever actually done it, is horrible. you will get the flu. i live in los angeles. that's not clean rain. that's fucking rats, cabbage, headshots, lettuce. kale. three types of leafy greens. we're healthy. syringes. dreams. couldn't do a rain breakup. it rained one day while we were dating, but i was wearing a wool sweater. you know. you can't get wool wet. you're going to smell like a dirty sheep. no one's going to miss you. "you're breaking up with me?" "i'm breaking up with you." so i had to plan an alternate breakup. now, before i share with you my alternate fantasy breakup, i'm going to tell you the way we actually broke up. the way we actually broke up was yours truly got a little drunk and a little honest one night and texted him something to the effect of, "you don't even watch breaking bad. how are we supposed to be together?" fried shrimp. so now, i'm going to share with you my ultimate fantasy breakup. 'kay. thank you. in my fantasy, we will be sitting on my couch, at my house, and i will be a little bit more tan than i am now, so people will be like, "where did you go on vacation?" i'll be like, "it's a secret. huh." my hair would be a little bit longer, but not too long… i'd have, like, layers. you know what i'm talking about? a long bob? where you want to keep the length but not the weight, so you'd have, like, layers. and maybe highlights in the front, but maybe a partial. like, some warmer tones, like a honey for the fall. do you know what i'm talking about? mm-kay. sitting on my couch, at my house, and i would start a fight out of nowhere. when you're a woman, you possess a magical, innate ability to create conflict where there formerly was none. all right, we're talking out of thin fucking air. we could do this as a show in las vegas. argument illusionists. just creating them. nothing up my sleeve! nothing in my hand! now there's a fight, motherfucker. maybe we'll have a dove. i don't know the budget. i don't know what we'll have. the point is, if the girl wants to have a fight, the lady shall have a fight. and there's nothing you can do about it. you can cough. that's enough kindle for that fire. sitting there watching tv. "what did you say?" "i didn't say anything." – "what the fuck did you just say?" – "i didn't say anything." "you know what? forget it!" and i would start crying. start crying. i'm telling you now that i'm going to cry then. i'm planning to cry. i'm gonna put it in my phone. set reminder: "cry later." going to make myself cry. how do you make yourself cry? that's what you're thinking. iliza, how do you make yourself cry? lot of actresses get paid a lot of money to make themselves cry. how do you make yourself cry? i'm going to tell you. you take a small pocketknife… i'm just kidding. um… turn around, and unbeknownst to him, i would pluck… a solitary nose hair. you ever do that? that shit hurts… real bad. it's physically undetectable… …and it's going to escalate the energy of your argument very quickly. your argument will magically be transformed from, "you know what? just forget it!" big tears, okay? i'll tell you why it's important to have big tears, okay? if you're going to make the attempt to elicit an emotional response from an otherwise emotionally unavailable individual, you must be demonstrative with your ocular lubrication, okay? unlike women, men are very black and white. they respond to big gestures, okay? big tears means i am sad. this is not fun. i do not like this. i'm sad now. that's what big tears say. you can't risk it with little, snivelly allergy tears. that's a mixed message. – "what do you want?" – "i don't know what i want!" he might go kill you a squirrel and bring it back. he doesn't know what you want! so i'd start crying. "you know what? forget it!" and i would run out of my own house. i'd run outside. now… prior to starting this fight, i would have gone into the street and set up orange parking cones in the street, okay? because for my ultimate fantasy breakup, i want to have a street fight breakup. anyone that's ever fought in the street knows, you need a designated fighting area, okay? that's a public thoroughfare. you can't just run into it and start fighting. this isn't west side story. you're gonna get hit by a buick. so i'd run outside, into the comfort of the designated fighting area, the dfa. run into it, and i'd immediately start yelling, "i hate you!" why am i yelling? 'cause i'm angry? i'm not angry. want the neighbors to come out. want the neighbors to come out. i want them to see how you treat me! he treats me fine. we got frozen yogurt that morning. it's fine. i want them to come out. i want their energy. i want their attention. i need an audience. like, obviously. so… i'd have it set up, and he'd run out. "iliza, what is your problem? get back inside." "you don't tell me what to do. i'm an independent woman. i listen to beyonce. surfbort. surfbort." – "what does that mean?" – "no one knows." "what are you so upset about?" i'd be like, "i just feel like, um… this is so hard because i feel like i'm, like, letting you down. i just feel like… we don't even talk anymore, and… we don't even know what we argue about… – "you quoting boyz ii men?" – "maybe." "i don't know why you're so upset." and then i would begin. "i just feel like, um… i'm sorry, i just feel like… why is this dry? i just feel like… you're a great guy, and you should be with a great girl. i want you to be with a great girl, sort of. and i want you to be… i feel we have a really good time together, and you're wonderful, but i feel i'm not the girl for you. okay, i said it. and we have fun, but i don't feel like we're gonna be together. we're just wasting time, and we don't belong together. i feel like we don't really even know each other." "of course we know each other! of course i know you!" "really? what's my middle name?" snow! my bra. – we did it. – good job. snow. should i do a curtain call? is that weird? they're kind of going crazy out there. – you wanna do a curtain call? – is it too late? blanche, you did it! she did it. oh my god. i think, um… that the theater might file a police report and i might have to get a lawyer… because i killed! ohh!
